


SANJEEV KUMAR SINGH

Address: A-221,  Alli Vihar,  Sarita Vihar 110076 New Delhi

Mobile No.: 8743870335, 8800791557

E-Mail: sanjeev.rhce@gmail.com



OBJECTIVE

To work in an organization, where I can deliver the best out of me and play
an important role in achieving organization's goals.

To adapt the changes required by the organization which improves my
efficiency.


CORE COMPETENCIES

More than 3 years of experience in Operation, Client servicing, Customer
care & Public relationship.

Good at complaint handling, resolution techniques, team-building, training
& client management.


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Infocom Network Ltd.(Tradeindia.com) -  New Delhi |  Sep- 2013 - Present

Designation - E -Procurement Executive

Experience in handling national and international buyers & corporate buyers
through at India's first and largest B2B portal.

Handling complete e-sourcing projects on behalf of clients by generating
RFI/RFQ(Request for Information, Request for Quotation), contacting
suppliers, negotiating buyers terms and conditions with the supplier.

Aware to clients for website use, supplier search, account handling etc.

Client satisfaction enhancement by client management, client complaint
handling and resolution by using various communication points like phone,
chat, mails.

Evaluation of supplier by gathering client's feedback.

Generate daily/weekly/monthly reports of the process and repot to Manager.



IndiaMART InterMESH Limited (Indiamart.com) - New Delhi | April-2012 - Sept-
2013

Designation - Customer Care Executive

Handling customer's complaint regarding Buy Leads and resolving them
through mail and phone.

Taking care buyleads@indiamart.com email id, where I was receiving
supplier's complaint while using their accounts.

Aware them regarding buy leads and other services of Indiamart.com and help
them to grow their business through mail.

I worked in Tradeshows Department (Public Relationship), where I was doing
barter tie-ups with organizers regarding their events (Exhibition &
Conferences).

Coordinating with internal department for live their event's catalog on
indiamart.com as per the barter tie-ups.

Coordinating with organizers for promotional activity as per the barter tie-
ups.



EDUCATION

Final semester result is awaited of Post Graduation MBA - with Marketing |
Sikkim Manipal University (SMU-Distance Learning) | 2015

Graduation Bachelor of Arts (B.A) | VBS Purvanchal University | 2010

Intermediate in Maths & Science |  (U.P. Board ) | 2007

High-school in Maths & Science |  (U.P.  Board) | 2005



COMPUTER PROFICIENCY

Basic Knowledge Of MS Word, MS Excel, and Internet Applications.



PERSONAL DETAILS

Father Name -  Vijay Kumar Singh

Mother Name - Ranju Singh

Date of Birth - 03-April-1992

Languages Known  - Hindi, & English

Gender - Male

Nationality - Indian

Marital Status - Single



I hereby declare that all the above mentioned information is true to the
best of my knowledge and belief.

Date:

Place:                                                       (Sanjeev Kumar
Singh)

