
                                KULDEEP ANAND
                              (CIVIL ENGINEER)

        P.No: 4 Gandhi Nagar, LIC colony Vaishali Nagar road, Ajmer,
                           Rajasthan, India-305001
           Mobile:  +91 9828528077; Email: kuldeep.grace@gmail.com
[pic]CAREER OBJECTIVE:


To apply my experience and education to a  job  with  challenging,
creative and diversified projects in  the  field  of  construction
offering the  best  opportunity  for  further  development  of  my
abilities, skills and knowledge.
[pic]
SUMMARY OF SKILLS

 . Competent and diligent professional offering experience  across
   execution of  civil  works,  Structural  and  Site  Activities;
   currently spearheading as  Site  Engineer  with  Sahara  Turner
   Construction Limited.
 . Core capabilities in  project  planning,  scheduling,  detailed
   engineering, drawing  project  estimates  /bill  of  materials,
   technical specifications, procurement, quality management  etc.
   to  ensure  project  delivery  within  defined  cost  and  time
   parameters.
 . Demonstrated competencies in mobilizing and managing  manpower,
   equipment  and   material   resources   to   catalyse   project
   implementation. Skilled in driving  cost  control  measures  to
   contain project operational expenses within budgetary limits.
 .  Adept  in  implementing  quality  norms   through   structured
   processes  and  procedures.  Capable  of  conducting   quantity
   surveys  and  work  measurements,  invoicing   /verifying   and
   authenticating contractors' bills for remittances  as  per  the
   agreed terms.
[pic]

WORK EXPERINCE:

Presently working at Sahara Turner Constructions Limited as Civil
Engineer:                    (Dec 2012 to Present)
Project: Sahara City Homes Jaipur - 91.68 Acres integrated
Township Project.

Key Responsibilities:
    . Ensuring smooth implementation of the work  on  site  as  per
      approved Drawings and Specifications.
    . Interacting  with  consultants  regarding  design  /  drawing
      Quality,   progress   and   with   architects   for    smooth
      coordination.
    . Formulating plan to ensure effective construction management,
      including the control of site progress, resolutions  of  site
      problems, control of site meetings etc.
    . Review sequence of construction being practiced  &  recommend
      improved work sequence.
    . Review  completed  and  on  going  work  to  provide  quality
      comments and recommendations.
    . To prepare snag lists, bar charts, project reports  asked  by
      the management.
    . Monitoring preventive maintenance and managing safety  issues
      while supervising the site to  ensure  that  all  the  safety
      parameters  are  complied  with  to  assure  safety  of   the
      employees.

Previously worked at Goel Construction Company (P). Ltd as Site
Engineer:                    (June 2012 to Nov 2012)
Project: Shree Cement Limited - Unit IX Industrial Project Ras
(Pali) Rajasthan.

Key Responsibilities:
    . Allocate work to the on-site staff.
    .  Monitor  the  site  work  and  prepare  status  reports  and
      documents i.e. BBS, DPR, Shop Drawings, JMB etc.
    .  Coordinating   with   the   concerned   professionals   like
      architects, surveyors, client, etc.
    . Ensuring that the project work goes on smoothly according  to
      schedule with required quality & specifications.
    . Conduct routine  inspection  on  the  site  to  identify  any
      potential problems.
[pic]


EDUCATIONAL AND PROFESSIONAL CREDENTIALS

    . Bachelor of Technology (Civil Engineering), 2012
Baldev Ram Mirdha Institute of Technology (Jaipur)  affiliated  to
Rajasthan Technical University (Kota).

    . Intermediate from Dayanand Bal Niketan Sr. Sec School (Ajmer)
      affiliated to Rajasthan Board of Secondary Education (Ajmer).

    . Matriculation  from  Saint  Paul's  Sr.  Sec  School  (Ajmer)
      affiliated to Rajasthan Board of Secondary Education (Ajmer).

    . Summer Internship
30 days at B.L. Kashyap & Sons Ltd. On  project  entitled  "Jaipur
Metro 2011."
[pic]

Soft Skills
    . Sportsman spirit

    . Self-starter

    . Planning, coordination and management

Additional Technical Skills
    . Certification in AutoCAD

    . MS office

    . Internet Applications

    . DELF A1 Diploma in French

 Achievements
    . Conducted annual Indo-French Event at G-RACE Ajmer

    . Team lead and won 1st prize at KAUTILYA INSTITUTE OF
      TECHNOLOGY in VANSTRODUM Technical Inter-college competition.



Extra Curricular Activities

    . Basket Ball player at District Level.

    . Participated in college level Singing programs.

    . Active Participation in intercollege Technical Events in
      Civil Engineering.     [pic]

PERSONAL DATA

    . Father's Name:               Mr. D.D Anand

    . Date of Birth:                    1st Feb 1988

    . Sex:                         Male

    . Marital status:                   Married

    . Languages Proficiency:       Hindi, English, French[pic]

Date: -




                                                      (KULDEEP
                                                      ANAND)

