

                                   RESUME

S. Manikandan
No.41 Bala Krishna Street
Vyasarpadi                                                           E-mail:
smanikandan87@yahoo.com
Chennai                    -                     600                     039
                               Mobile No. 9551768647



Career Objective:
      Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in an esteemed
      concern that offers professional growth while being resourceful,
      Innovative and flexible.

Profile Summary:
    . Good knowledge Accounts Receivable, Payable
    . Experienced in Dispute handling, Issue Tracking and Problem analysis
    . Departmental reconciliations and Month end close activities
    . Understanding and adapting the company and client tools
    . Have got rewards and recognitions from company for implementing ideas
      to reduce the cost and time for the project.

Computer Skills:
    . Well versed in use of MS office (MS word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint)
    . Proficient in Yardi, MRI & ERP
    . Well versed with Tally Accounting Package.

Personal Qualities:
    . Good team player
    . Good planning and prioritizing skills to manage a varied and
      pressurized workload
    . Diplomatic and persuasive, able to build objective lines of
      argument/rationales for action and present viewpoints assertively.

Achievements:
    . Icon award for 2010-2011
    . Milestone Award for 2011
    . Received few monthly and quarterly award as a best processor.
    . Work shadow of project was completed before the deadline.
    . Awarded for preparing the Standard operating procedures (SOPs) for all
      the tasks.
    . Good International working experience.

Educational Qualifications:
      Bachelor in Commerce
      University of Madras
      Vel's College of science, Chennai
      2008 Pass out on First grade

      Higher Secondary & Matriculation
      St. Gabriel's Hr. Sec. School
      Broadway, Chennai
      2005 Pass out on First grade - HSC
      2003 Pass out on First grade - SSLC

Professional Experience:
AMP Technologies India (P) Ltd (13/08/12 - Till Date)
Process Lead - Accounts Receivable, Payable:

    . Dealing with Account Receivable & Payable
    . Processing all the LOC, DSK, ACH and WIRE payments on a daily basis
    . Taking responsibilities of cash application process of the client  for
      the payments received through cheques and cash payment
    . Doing Quality Check of the works done by general users in the team.
    . Handling all the adjustments like Bad Debts,  Write-off  and  Transfer
      the money between one account to another account and  one  invoice  to
      another invoice within the TAT
   .  Reviewing invoices and checking the requests of  the  same  so  as  to
   avoid any errors
   .  Matching invoices and setting up same for the payments
   .  Preparing accounts payable cheques and processing the same through net
   transfers
    . Reconciliation of the payments and monitor accounts to ensure payments
      are made up to date      and resolve any discrepancies
    .  Responding  to  queries,  resolving  issues  in  the  daily  business
      activities
    . Reconciliation of the  weekly  refund  report  to  authorize  the  end
      customers of the client which should get the refund as per the account
      reconciliation
    . Assisting in weekly and monthly  reconciliation  process  (Aged  trial
      balance process)
    . Involved in client interaction meeting and conference calls to discuss
      operational and productivity standards and practices
    . Generating and reconciliation the bank account reports  with  Yardi  &
      MRI report.


Infosys (21/05/12 to 19/06/12)
Senior Process Executive - Accounts Payable

    . Preparing vendors bills in SAP tools
    . Maintain the vendor's regulars updates and changes if any addition or
      deletion in products
    . Daily checking the vendor's renewals period with that any updates
      changing the details
    . If any special project from client within the TAT completing the
      process.

Zenta knowledge services (P) Ltd (12/09 to 01/12)
Analyst - Accounts Payable

    . Ensure that invoices are processed within the guidelines
    . Scrutinize the invoice and  ensuring  finance  policy  is  met  before
      processing of invoice
    . Where the invoice details are incomplete contact the Supplier  /  Line
      of business and request for resubmit the invoice for payment
    . Perform validation in YARDI to ensure invoices not already paid
    . Enter invoice for urgent payment into YARDI
    . Cancel payments in accordance with Client request
    . Obtaining approvals from appropriate authorities when required
    . Responding to all queries relating to vendor invoices

Ganges International (P) Ltd (05/08 to 12/09)


Taxation Assistant




    . Preparing statement of  income  for  individuals,  partnership  firms,
      Private and Public Limited companies and filing the returns to  Income
      Tax Department
    . Preparing and maintaining books of accounts in Tally software
    . Preparing Bank Reconciliation Statement
    . Preparing & Issuing T.D.S Certificates and C-Forms
    . Preparing MIS reports for decision-making.

Personal Profile:
Father's Name          : A.B. Subramaniyam
Date of Birth          : 20/09/1987
Gender                           : Male
Marital Status         : Married
Language Known                   : English, Tamil, Hindi and Malayalam
Hobbies                          : Dancing, Playing Football  and  Listening
Music's

Declaration
I hereby confirm that the information furnished above is true  to  the
best of my knowledge.

Place: Chennai
Date:




                                                              [S.MANIKANDAN]
