

Previous Organization Details

    Organization Name: New Sree Laxmi & Co , Hyderabad  , India.
    Industry Type:            Morarjee Textiles Limited 
    Duration:                  Jun 2010 to Feb 2013.
   Designation:               Store Keeper.
   
 Role & Responsibilities:

Takes care of the company’s textile department.
Reporting the sales and purchasing order to store manager.
Maintaining stock in the store.
Previous Organization Details

Organization Name: MTNL, New Delhi.
Industry Type:             Telecommunication (Billing Section)
Designation:                 Technical Support executive
Duration:                      May 2008 to  May 2010.
Role & Responsibilities:

Attended Broadband billing.
Technical complaints on Telephone. By post, e-mail & customer visit etc
 investigated and provide solution for Settlement Prepare statement & entries in records.

                                          
Areas of Interest

Store keeping.
Sales & marking.
Accounting 
Customer engagement and management.
 Challenging roles in marketing and customer interaction.	
                                           
Educational Qualification
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              





Technical Qualification
 
ADCA (Advanced Diploma in Computer Application) from DIGITAL COMPUTER, New Delhi. 
Diploma in Hardware and Networking from OXFORD INSTITUTE, New Delhi

Computer Proficiency & Key Skills
 
Software Skills: 
MS Office 2003 , 2007,2010 (Ms Word, Ms Excel, Power Point, & Ms Access)
Typing Speed : 40 wpm with accuracy.
Hardware Skills:
Installation and trouble shooting of Operating System XP, Vista & Windows 7
Configuring and trouble shooting of Outlook express and Ms Outlook
Installation of various type of software
Maintenance of Local Area Network 
Declaration

I hereby declare that the above mentioned details are true to my best of my knowledge and belief

Place:	 Hyderabad							                                                      (Samiullah)	

	
				
