
CURRICULUM VITAE


PREM KUMAR                                     H. No.H-243,
                                                                      Alpha-
2, Greater Noida
                                             GautamBudh Nagar, Uttar
Pradesh (India)

       Ph. No. - 9891174200,9910529750


       Email: premkumarmaurya@yahoo.co.in

CAREER OBJECTIVE:
Looking for a challenging career where I can reach at the indefinite
success in technical field with full efficiency. Effectiveness to do hard
work for the growth of an organization along with improvement in my own
professional skills.
EXPERIENCE:
Working with M/s MOSER BAER (INDIA) LTD, Greater Noida as a  Engineer  in
Production Dpt. from May 2008 to till date
COMPANY PROFILE:.
Moser Baer India, the second largest manufacturers of optical media the
world, is a preferred
OEM for all 12 of the world's optical media manufacturers and command a 16%
development, manufacture and supply of optical media across the globe.
The company also emerged as the first to market the next-generation of
storage formats like
Blu-ray Discs and HD DVD Recently ,the company has itself from a single
business into a multi-technology organization, diversifying into exciting
areas of Solar Energy and Home
Entertainment.
Moser Baer has a presence in over 82 countries, serviced through six
marketing offices in India, the US, Europe and Japan, and has strong tie-
ups with all major global technology players.
Moser Baer stands committed to supplying highest quality fully licensed
media to its customers.
JOB PROFILE   :
    . Man power handling and its scheduling.
    . Maintaining all the relative documentation and Material management.
    . To sort out machine problem in minimum time to reduce down time and
      for that working with SOP and creating the same.
    . Troubleshooting and solving technical problems.
    . Record preparation of tool history coordinating with purchase,
      planning, stores, tool room.
    . Modifications in the line for reducing input cost & improving
      productivity.
    . Implementing systems for Line balancing, Smoothing and increasing
      production
    . To maintain yield & 5"S and control deviation of process & process
      parameters.
    . Regular trials & tests in the lines for expanding new horizons.
    . Non conformities analysis by using the various quality control
      techniques.
    . Analysis of daily tool consumption and generation of production
      reports.
    . Simultaneously working towards productivity and quality improvement
      through Kaizen activities.
    . Data collections of all quality and process parameter for getting a
      constant quality in the product & creating check sheets for same.
    . Maintain MIS& reporting to production manager.
    . Try Achieve zero defect,  Improve quality system ,Productivity and
      enhance employee involvement  Activities
    . Implementing poke-yoke and Kaizen for production development
    . Looking after spares management, inventory control on the shop for
      production
    . Planning day to day production to achieve maximum production.
    . Arranging, repairing and maintaining tools.
    . Controlling and maintaining of inventory in the process.
    . Responsible for suggestion and Kaizen activities.
    . Reduction in the Non Value Activities from the process

   Details of professional achievement & project.

    . A Part of successful team entitled for cycle time reduce of DVD-R
      lines form 3.5 Sec/Disc to 2.6 Sec/Disc
    . Achieve award best performer of the month.
    . Achieve award Zero defect champion

EXPERIENCE:
Worked with M/s STAR WIRE (INDIA) LTD, Ballabgarh (Haryana) as a  Engineer
in Machine Shop from December 2006 to 21 May 2008 date.
  COMPANY PROFILE:
Star Wire (India) Ltd. a mini Steel Plant manufacturers and exporters of
Steel Castings, Defence & Armor Products, Special Steel Rolled
Products/Forged Products, Forging Quality Ingot.
The Plant with ISO/TS16949/2002 (Turn over more than 250 crores per annum)
manufacturing of Alloy steel, stainless steel ,Special Steels for
diversified engineering application in shape of castings, forging and
rolled products. Our Speciality is to manufacture tailor made products as
per customer specification meeting all metallurgical requirements in the
feild of Defence, Power Sector etc. We are IBR approved well known steel
maker, also for the manufacture of boiler quality ingots, rolled product,
forged products & Steel and Casting .We are supplying material to world's
best companies in their line Toshiba-Japan, Simens-Japan, SinVan-South
Corea ,Bohler-Germany ,Saspan-Turkey ,TRW-Germany ,Atta Mohammed-Pakistan
,Royal Nepal Army, Indian Army ,Delhi Police ,Hero Group ,Atlas, Shri Ram
Piston ,BHEL ,Munjal Showa.Company produce a wide range of steel made
product like big casting up to 50 MT,  Rolled billet, forged shaft ,Engine
valve steel rods ,bullet proof jacket & helmet ..
JOB PROFILE   :
1. M/C loading plan as per schedule.
2. Process planning of the Product.
3. To verify final Inspection Product.
4. Job & Line Set up At the start of production & do the machine setting.
5. To Responsible of control of Deference Grade Raw WIP &Finished Goods
   Inventory.
6. Follow up and supervision of production process to achieve require
   quality standard and target.
7. Inspection of material which transfer other shops &when Incoming.
8. Proper recording of the production & rejection data in deference stage
   as per shift & their analysis.
9. To verify the reason of defect s and take necessary steps to avoid them
10. Optimum utilization of man, machines & material.
11. To Responsible of. (M.P.I),Eddy current ,Spark testing &Ultrasonic
   testing.
12. Calculate O.E.E

FAMILIAR  WITH-

 . Straightening machine, section-straightening machine, and auto feeders &
   peeling machine.
13. Center less grinders make by- Microtek, Riat brothers, Schumeg
                        machine, Solitaire machine tools, Parisudh machine,
   Cincinnati machine
Details of professional achievement & project.
 . Improve the efficiency of machine by using the centre height measurement
   project.
EXPERIENCE:
14. Worked with M/s TEX CORP. LTD, Gurgaon as a Diploma Engineer Trainee
   from June 2005 toJune2006.
15. Worked with M/s TEX CORP. LTD, Gurgaon as a Astt. Engineer
   (Production), Die Casting Dept
16. Manufacturing of sliders, from June 2006 to December 2006.


COMPANY PROFILE:
17. Tex Corp. is an ISO-9001 Certified Company manufacturing of all types
   zippers. Its branches at Belgium London, Srilanka, Bangladesh & Turkey.

   JOB PROFILE
18. Scheduling and Planning of Production target as per customer
   requirement.
19. Inspection of final assembled Product.
20. Job & Line Set up At the start of production
21. Collection of maximum kaizen in per months.
22. Implementation of Kaizens whereas required in the Plant work area to
   increase production & productivity.
23. Developing check   sheets for proper monitoring of   process.
24. For   controlling   arising problems.
25. Manage and improvement of production facilities (Man, Machine,
   Material) for different stages Based in the model.
26. To deal & cooperate with operators so that Production target can
   Achieved..
27. Follow up and supervision of production process to achieve require
   quality standard and target.
28. Ensuring implementation of   5s & healthy working Environment on shop
   floor & giving kaizens for continuous   improvement, which are most
   often selected ?
29. Optimum utilization of   man, machine material.
30. Proper recording of the production & rejection data as per shift &
   their analysis.
31. Time &Motion study of new Product's.
32. To verify the reason of defect s and take necessary steps to avoid
   them.
33. To Responsible of control of Raw WIP &Finished Goods Inventory.





PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION:

34. Three years diploma in Mechanical Engg. (Production) from B.T.E. U.P.
   (Govt. Polytechnic, Shahajahanpur, U.P.) in 2005 with 71.32% marks.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION:
35. High School passed from U.P. Board in 2000 with 54.5% marks.
36. Intermediate passed from U.P. Board in 2002 with 52% marks.
COMPUTER SKILLS:
37. Office Automation Tools (Excel, Word, Power Point), Internet, ERP
   (IFSApplication).
 TECHANICAL SKILL :
38. Knowledge in CNC Turning (Computer Numerical Control) Programming.
39. Knowledge & get training on six sigma.
 GENERAL KNOWLEDGE ABOUT
 > Impart training to associates on 5S, Kaizen, TPM, Material handling, Tool
   handling, Drawing study, Team work & Positive attitude etc.
  STRENGTH-
40. A good motivator, with a strong sense of commitment
41. Ability to achieve and maintain high levels of professional excellence
42. Ability to optimally utilize available resources to  achieve  production
   targets
43. Strong leadership skills with an  ability  to  build  develop  and  lead
   result-oriented teams
44. Strong communication and interpersonal skills
45. A quick leaner who can produce results when burdened with
   responsibility
INDUSTRIAL TRAINING:
46. 15 Days vocational training in L.H. Sugar Factories Ltd. Pilibhit.(UP)
47. One month vocational training in L.H. Sugar Factories Ltd. Pilibhit
   .(UP)
PERSONAL DETAILS:
Date of Birth                :    17th June 1984
Father's Name                :    Sh. Murli Dhar
Permanent Address            :    Vill. - Noorpur, Post - Shahi
                             Distt. - Pilibhit (U.P.) - 262001,(India)
Nationality            :     Indian
Gender                       :    Male
Marital Status               :    Married
Languages Known        :     Hindi & English
Salary Drawn                 :    Rs.24650/- Only P/M
Salary Expected        :      Negotiable
Date:
Place:                                                   (PREM KUMAR)


