
                                          [pic]
                               Anand Bedampeta
                                  Abu Dhabi
                            United Arab Emirates
                Mobile UAE: +971-50-2633269 & +971-55-2751063
              Email: nandunag@gmail.com  & b_anand197@yahoo.com


Objective:    Looking for a Applicable Position in the field (Solar
Photovoltaic & Electronics & Communication) in any
Manufacturing/communication/ Service provider Industry where I can give a
very high standard of output and looking for a suitable job suits my
experiences, knowledge and skills.


Executive Profile:

    .  A  result-driven  professional  20+  year's   experience   in   Solar
      Photovoltaic, service, R & D Fiber Optics, Quality Control, Technical,
      Projects and Manufacturing for  established  companies  in  India  and
      Abroad
  . Proven experience in design, Installation, Testing &  Commissioning  of
    Solar Power System for Powering Defence Equipment in UAE
  . Extensive knowledge about other renewable energy sources with hands  on
    experience  in   designing   Solar   Power   Systems   for   Industrial
    Applications
  . Proven track record in  administering  overall  production  process  to
    ensure that projects are  completed   within  the  budgeted  cost   and
    delivered on schedule
    .   Possess   domain   expertise   in   plant    operations    including
      conceptualization,  planning,  execution  and  handing  over   various
      projects
    . Exceptional communication & interpersonal skills, blended with  strong
      people management & leadership skills
    .  Exploring  senior  managerial  career  in   manufacturing   with   an
      organization of repute


Experience Highlights

  .
  .            EnviTech Middle East For Energy And Water Treatment L.L.C.
  .            Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
  .            (September 2010 to present)


      Engineering In-Charge



      ETME is pioneer  in  energy  and  water  sector.  EnviTech  represents
      innovation of German engineering in the fields of  sustainable  energy
      management. EnviTech® Products provide their advantages  even  on  the
      most  stringent  conditions.  Especially  in  remote  area   where   a
      centralized supply is not available so far. Due to system  integration
      of state-of-the-art technologies in the fields of innovative renewable
      energy and water treatment it is possible to supply remote areas  with
      environmentally friendly produced energy and water. Solar  technology,
      seawater desalination, climate technology, water recycling  and  green
      building  technology  are  key  technologies  for  a  sustainable  and
      liveable future. These technologies are  the  matrix  of  progress  in
      developing countries as well as in emerging markets. In industrialized
      countries the usage of conventional resources can be reduced  and  the
      peaks of demand can be covered. At present  i  am  handling  solar  PV
      projects for small scale to large scale off-grid and grid-tie  systems
      using high end technologies.


Responsibilities

    . Responsible for the design, deployment  and  maintenance  of  a  broad
      range of electrical and solar systems and equipment.
    . Plan, prepare and execute all technical documents needed for proposals
      in details as per the tenders and customer requirements.
    . Develop outline/template for  proposal  documentation  which  includes
      review of  customer  specifications,  system  design,  cost  estimate,
      outline of drawings, technical clarifications, etc.
    . Interface regularly with vendors for  specification  finalization  and
      product selection to achieve optimal results.
    . Supervise and assist in building prototypes as per the designs.
    .  Responsible  for  providing  technical  direction  during   start-up,
      testing,  installation,  PV  system  commissioning   and   performance
      monitoring.
    . Establish performance targets and process for performance monitoring &
      validation.
    . Provide technical support during project and service team executions.
    . Troubleshoot problems and recommend effective solutions.
    . Participate in various exhibitions, workshops and trainings.
    . Maintain all the records generated as a result of the activity,  coded
      and tagged as prescribed for future reference, identification and easy
      retrieval.
    . Create detailed check-lists for review  and  inspection  of  completed
      installation for acceptance.
    .  Technical  support  during  Operations  and  Maintenance  to  O  &  M
      personnel. Guide,  develop  and  train  electrical  staff  to  further
      enhance efficiency.
  . Reacts to project adjustments and alterations promptly and efficiently
    by efficient communication with team members.
  . Persuasive, encouraging, and motivating able to elicit cooperation from
    a wide variety of sources, including upper management, clients, and
    other departments.


Achievements:

    . Successfully designed Off-Grid and Grid-Tie systems ranging  from  50W
      to 1MW.
    . Implemented new technologies  to  reduce  the  cost  of  the  proposed
      systems.
    .  Component  selection  as  per  the  design  requirement  meeting  all
      specifications through strong knowledge of components,  market,  which
      makes organization to win projects.
    . Designed a special Grid-Tie hybrid system with battery bank voltage of
      360V which reduced very large amount of cables, losses,  and  cost  of
      the system, first in the UAE market.
    . Developed Solar kits for pumps, Led  Street  lighting,  Home  lighting
      systems.
    . Very keen in convincing client by ROI and benefits  of  the  renewable
      systems,  which  includes  major  clients  like  Dubai   Municipality,
      Fujairah Municipality and many others.
    . Documentation and  procedure  implementation  for  ISO  9001:2008  and
      active involvement for certification.
    . Implemented usage of PV syst, Dialux,  Homer  software  to  have  best
      sustainable energy efficient solutions to the client.





      Hader security & Communication Systems L.L.C
      Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
      (April 2009 to May 2010)


      Project Engineer


      Hader Security  &  Communication  Systems  (HSCS)  is  the  affiliated
      company of Tabbara General Company. It  presents  total  communication
      solution  varying  types  of  need  and  situations.  We  offer  total
      solutions to our potential customers and our broad line-up of products
      ranging  from  Radio  Frequency  Technology,  Base  Repeaters,  Mobile
      Transceivers,  Communication  Towers  and  Monopoles,   Solar   Energy
      Systems, Antennas, Duplexers, power supplies,  Tactical  Fiber  Optics
      and other products that meet our customers' communications needs.

Responsibilities


    . Procuring material as  specified as in tender
    . System planning from design to realization as turn key  solutions  for
      solar energy facilities
    . Training & education on design and installation methods
    . Project managing
    . Review, access and implement technical  specifications  for  Solar  PV
      systems ranging from small capacity to large (more than 79.8KW)  Solar
      PV hybrid system
    . Have successfully commissioned 4 Solar PV hybrid system  ranging  from
      68KW to 79.8KW
    .  Assessment  of  Technical  Specifications  in   terms   of   training
      maintenance, and after sales service for all the common components  of
      PV systems


Achievements:

    . Successfully Commissioned four Solar Hybrid PV systems Installation
    . Given hands on training on controllers and general maintenance to  the
      concern staff
    . Implemented remote monitoring access of the sites
    . Worked with International renowned organization like Kyocera  &  Excel
      Tech Team






      Oman Solar Systems Co. LLC, Muscat, Sultanate of Oman
      (Dec 2004 -  Sep 2008)


      Project Engineer


      Oman Solar System Co. LLC (OSS) is a reputed ISO  9001:2000  certified
      Solar Photovoltaic company based in Oman. It offers  turnkey  services
      from concept to commissioning, with total  capacity  for  the  design,
      manufacture, installation and maintenance of Solar Photovoltaic  Power
      Systems, DC power systems for Telecom, Oil and Gas industries, Passive
      and cooled shelters for  telecom  equipment,  Passive  cooled  battery
      enclosures & Solar thermal water heating systems.


Responsibilities

    . Led a team of junior engineers, and handled production  related  tasks
      including planning, control and trouble shooting
    . Executed commissioning and  post  commissioning  activities  including
      documentation, monitoring and control, progress reporting
    . Handled the entire activities of  various  project  from  the  concept
      stage up to commissioning of the project
    . Prepare various technical documents for manufacturing and sub assembly
      of BOM components
    . Was responsible for third party inspections on the shop-floor  by  the
      Customer as per the quality standards
    .  Monitored  production  related  tasks  including  planning,  control,
      trouble shooting and prevention of breakdowns
    . Rendered active support to the  head  of  the  technical  division  to
      benchmark  Standard  Operating  Procedure  in  the  shop  floor,   for
      efficient manufacturing process
    . Prepared Solar Power System Design & Engineering using Computer  Aided
      Design Tools
    . Engaged in testing, installation & commissioning of UPS  ranging  from
      2KVA to 40KVA
    . Actively involved in installation, testing &  commissioning  of  solar
      power system for  CP  systems,  Instrumentation  loads,  GSM  repeater
      stations & Defence Equipment

Achievements:

    . Performed testing of 3000A Eltek DC Power rack system
    . Played a pivotal role in  installation  of  Solar  Power  Systems  and
      rectifiers for various projects in Oman & UAE
  . Was instrumental in installation & commissioning of DC Power Systems up
    to 3000A,  the largest DC Power System in Oman


Aishwarya Telecom Ltd., Hyderabad, India
(Nov 1998- Nov 2004)

Production In-Charge
Aishwarya  Telecom  is  a  ISO  9001:2000  Certified  company  manufacturing
Digital Communication Analyzers Fiber optic test equipments  &  Cable  fault
locators,  trading  GSM/CDMA  Products,  Remote  fiber  Monitoring  Systems,
Network Synchronization Products ISDN-ADSL Tester, VOIP testers

Responsibilities

    . Actively involved in manufacturing of variable attenuator ranging from
      0 to 60db
    . Worked extensively in developing high stabilized laser light source  &
      power meter
    . Calibrated fiber optic test  &  measuring  instruments  with  standard
      equipments and maintained various records of calibration,  viz...  ESD
      and EMI/EMC
    . Rendered active support to the QC department for testing  of  products
      as per TEC specifications
    . Provided training to the BSNL staff  at  Gujarat,  India  in  locating
      cable faults

Achievements

    . Played key role in laying & connecting of fiber cable for hydal  power
      plant in Andhra Pradesh
    . Engaged in testing of modules and complete system with documentation
    . Demonstrated the +23dbm laser light source to Indian Railways and BSNL
      and secured projects


Previous Assignments


Progressive Communications, Secunderabad, India
(1992 -1998)

Service in charge

Addressed complaints from customers and dealers, Rendered active support  to
technicians in servicing of  printers,  Performed  modifications  in  EEPROM
programming as per the  BSNL  charges  for  PCO  booths,  provided  superior
technical training  to  all  dealers  in  Andhra  Pradesh  on  servicing  of
telephones


Education

Diploma in Electronics & Communication Engineering
Guru Nanak Dev Polytechnic College, Karnataka, India, 1992.

IT Skills
Operating Systems       : Windows 98 / 2000 / XP
Office tools            :  MS Office

Design Software   : PV syst 5.5, Homer, PVCad & Diallux
Related Software  : AutoCAD


Professional Development

    . Successfully completed training program titled Green Building  &  Leed
      Core Concepts, Abu Dhabi, 2011
    . Underwent a training program  on  Fiber  Optics,  conducted  by  NISC,
      Hyderabad, 2001
    . Completed a course on Process Instrumentation and Control, by Advanced
      Training  Institute  for  Electronics  &    Process   Instrumentation,
      Hyderabad, 1997


Personal Details


Date of Birth          : 2nd November 1972
Languages Known  : English, Hindi, Telugu (writing  &  Reading)  and  Arabic
(basic)
Permanent Address      : LIG 881, Bharathi Nagar, BHEL,  Ramachandra  Puram,
Hyderabad-32
Mobile (UAE)           : +971-55-2751063
                 : +971-50-2633269
Passport No.                : E 7160584 valid up to 2013
Citizenship      : Indian
