

                                                                   Mohd Jaid

                                                              +91-9555776009

                                                              +91-9935627487
                                                         mzaidinam@gmail.com


CAREER OBJECTIVE:

To join an organization that appropriately rewards performance and offers
continuing opportunities for future advancements and growth, and to be a
part of team to achieve organization's objective.


ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION:


 . B.Tech in Electrical & Electronics Engineering with 66.62% from  Integral
   University Lucknow (U.P.), in the year 2011.



EXPERIENCE SUMMARY

    . ~ 5 years of experience in Installing, Testing  and  Commissioning  of
      Electrification, HVAC,  Plumbing works, & Fire Fighting System.
    . Detailed study of scope of work, Specification, Equipment Schedule and
      BOQ (Tender) etc.
    . Preparation of Bill of Quantities and floating the enquiries to the
      venders.
    .  Study  the  Authority  Approved  Drawing  and  provide  domain   wise
      Contractor Convenient Drawing respectively.
    . Ordering inventories as per requirement.
    . Updating and maintaining periodically reports.
    . Handing over of systems & Demo to Clients
    . Giving Technical Support to Team members & customers.
    . Coordination within project team.
    . To understand & adopt new technology in comprehensive manner.
    . To identify problems & find their rational  solutions  analytically  &
      quickly.
    . To be creative independent & be able to work as a part of team.
    .
TECHNICAL EXPERTISE:


    . Excel
    . MS OFFICE
    . Basic knowledge of MICROSTATION

PROJECT SUMMARY:


  * Worked as a Site Engineer at Composite Engineers, Dehradun . (Jan'11-
    May'13)

    . Electrification & HVAC work at New Office Mussoorie Dehradun
      Development Authority, Saharanpur Road, Dehradun.
    . Electrification & HVAC  work at Secretariat Building, Dehradun.
    . Electrification, HVAC & Fire Fighting work at Building Yojana Bhawan
      ,Dehradun.




  * Worked as a MEP Engineer (PMC) at Feedback infra Pvt. Ltd. (June'13-
    Feb'14)

     Lotus Panache, NOIDA (U.P.)-Project Under The 3C Company

     . Implemented all aspect of Electrical, HVAC & plumbing System.
     . Installation of Pump room.
     . Installation of fire piping and fire firghting system.
     . Monitoring the daily work activities of Sub Contractor and updating
       Sub Contractor Progress Reports.
     . Arranging and forecasting of manpower, material, tools & machineries
       as per project requirement.
     . To manipulate the drawings according to the requirements of the
       site.

  * Working as a Sr. Engineer at WA Corp Projects Pvt. Ltd. (March'14-
    Present)

    . Electrification work at Logix Blossom Green, Sec-143 Noida.
    . Electrification work at Logix Blossom County, Sec-137 Noida.
    . Installation of Fire Piping & Fire Fighting System at Logix Blossom
      Green, Sector-143 Noida.
    . Installation of Plumbing , Pump room & Fire Fighting System at Logix
      Blossom County, Sector-137 Noida .
    . Installation of Fire Piping & Fire Fighting System at Ansal API,
      Mohali (Punjab).



TECHNICAL SKILLS SUMMARY:

  . Efficiently oversee & execute installation of wiring, conducting,  D.B.,
    earthing, fitting fixtures,          plumbing pipe  ,  fire  fighting  ,
    testing, commissioning, tracking stock of electrical/plumbing items  and
    sending  requirement of site.
  . Involve in billing of electrical works and interpret  AutoCAD electrical
    shop drawings along with getting them approved.
  .  Depth  knowledge  in  analyzing  blueprints,  project   documents   and
    specifications  to  prepare  accurate  &  efficient  material  /   labor
    estimates with a team approach on all project stages and project related
    works .
  . Work in close collaboration and co-ordination with Contractors   clients
    throughout all phases of the project.
  . Handle all client-related activities including requirement  gathering  &
    analysis  of  all  systems,  costs  /  budgets,  Inventory  &   material
    management , durability and implementation.
  . Visit the site periodically to  evaluate  execution  status,  impact  of
    delays (if any), re-schedule project  activities  and  publish  catch-up
    plans for the same.
  . Closely monitor all project closing activities ensuring proper  planning
    and deployment of available resources.
  . Review projects, estimate the size and cost  of  materials  /  resources
    required for the project ensuring the cost    of projects remains within
    budgetary limits.
  . Monitor  project  progress/status,  highlight  critical  activities  and
    constraints while achieving planned /       proposed action plans.


PERSONAL ACHIEVEMENTS:

  . Organized sport events during sport meet 2010-2011.
  . Participated in quiz 2010.
  . Participated in model display 2011.
  . Participated in sports activities 2007-2011.
  . Member of winner cricket team in annual sports meet 2009-2010.







PERSONAL DETAILS:


   Name                          :   Mohd Jaid
   Father's Name             :   Mr. Inamullah
   Date of Birth                :   July 10, 1989
   Nationality                   :   Indian
     Address                     :  HNo.71, Harraiya Jhooman, PO -Itiyathok
(Gonda) Pin Code- 271202, U.P.



DECLARATION:


      I hereby to confirm that the information given above is true  to  best
of my knowledge.

Place:                                                                 Yours
Sincerely,
Date:
                                                   (Mohd Jaid)























                                                   [pic]
