

                              Curriculum Vitae


Syed Ehtesham

Phone:                                                       +91-9990973951,

                                                                 09897626480

E-mail:er.ehtesham009@gmail.com


Objective:
Seeking a long-term career as an electrical site engineer with a view to
utilize my progressive years of professional experience in electrical
engineering in a renowned organization.

Total Work Experience:         2.8 years

 Experience in field of electrical engineering as a Site Engineer.

 Company Name:               Vision Engineering Ltd.
 Designation:                Engineer.
 Duration:                         Jan 2010 to till Aug 2012.

Current  Job Profile :

    . Installation,Testing & commissioning of transformer.
    . Cable laying, cable termination cable tray work
    . Laying earth mat.
    . Earthing of power Transformer.
    . Handel the shift work, site inventory& manpower Handel like  (Foreman,
      Electrician, helper) for shift work.
    . Maintenance of compressor plant.
    . Responsible for monitoring and checking site installations performed
      by subcontractors to ensure its adherence to the drawings and
      specifications.
    . Over Current, Over Voltage & Earth fault Relays Testing.
    . Familiar with IER, ANSI.
    . Handle the tasks of monitoring the development of installation and
      update the report to senior electrical engineers.
    . Perform the tasks of maintaining drawing registers, drawing files as
      well as site filing system.
    . Responsible for preparing method statements and completed construction
      documents.
    . Liaise with clients and design department on installation details and
      design issue.
    . Perform the tasks of preparing defect schedules as well as ensure
      correction of the same.
    . Handle the tasks of supporting senior level site engineers in complex
      commissioning of electrical equipments.
    . Planning, Testing, commissioning, Estimating of 11kv. & 33kv over head
      lines.





    . Maggering and Earth Testing of Lines & Transformers etc.
    . Monitor and review the project schedules, ensuring cost controls and
      works within the budget & timely complete to the project.
    . Quality Control & Inspection/BOQ Preparation.

Company Profile :

    . Vision Engineering Ltd is a fast growing, reputed name in Electrical
      consultant.
    . Vision Engineering Ltd is an Govt. Approved 'A' class Certified
      Company.
    . Our main clients are UPPCL, RVUNL and Reliance Energy.

Technical Knowledge:

        . Knowledge of Transformer Feeder.
        . Knowledge of  C.B,C.T,P.T,ISOLATOR & CONTROL PANEl.
        . Maintenance of 220kv Switch yard.
        . Experience in ( 33kv 20MVA Transformer ) S/S erection, &
          commissioning.
        . Good Knowledge 3phase induction motor.

Professional/Educational Qualification:

        . B.TECH. in Electrical Engineering from J.R.N Rajasthan
          University,Udaipur .


Computer Proficiency:

        .  Windows XP, 2000, 98
        .  MS Office XP, 2003,2007
        . Good Knowledge in 2D AUTOCAD

Personnel Skills:

        . To work in team environment to achieve laid goal.
        . Smart working, reliable, well mannered willing & dedicated
          professional.


Personnel Details:

             Father's Name                      : Mr.Syed Aijaz Ali
                 Date of Birth                   : 7th Feb. 1984
             Gender                              : Male
             Marital Status                : Single
             Nationality                   : Indian
             Language Known           : English & Hindi.
                 Passport No.                         : J6549941




Date:.................
Place:................
               (Syed Ehtesham)







