NOORUDHEEN EV 
B-Tech Mechanical Engineer
Mobile: +91-9846029191
Email:              

Objective
Looking out for a break Mechanical engineering production & quality control related career which matches my educational qualification and area of interest. I will work hard in flexible timing and would like to gain more knowledge and willing to learn more. I am willing to re-locate anywhere.

Qualifications	
B. Tech Mechanical Engineering 2015, Marks obtained 72.4%, CGPA 7.74/10
            N.S.S. College of Engineering, Palakkad, Kerala
12th Standard, Marks obtained 88%, MSP Higher Secondary School, Malapuram, Kerala
10th Standard, Marks obtained 83%, IUHS Parappur, Malappuram, Kerala

Area of Interest
Mechanical Engineering related production and quality control.

Academic Project 	
Main project: Design and fabrication of two wheeled self-balancing robot.
Duration: 2014 Jun – 2015 March
In this project, we fabricated and designed a two wheeled self-balancing robot that has the ability to balance itself using an inverted pendulum concept where a pendulum with its mass is pivoted above a pivot point.


Project:
Fabrication and testing of gear pump test rig.
Duration: 2013 December - 2014 March
In this project, we fabricated and installed a gear pump test rig and then to study the performance                            characteristics after finding the theoretical discharge of the gear pump.

Seminar: Virtual reality in a shipbuilding environment

Industrial visits 
Hindusthan Machine Tools (HMT) Kalamassery, Cochin
Instrumentation Ltd. Palakkad
Fluid Control Research Institute (FCRI),Kanjikkod.
Centralized air conditioning plant of Amritha Hospital,Ernakulam and Marriot Hotel,Edapalli.

Computer skills
Operating system – windows vista/7/8/XP
Basic knowledge of MS Office applications.

Honors and Achievements
Participated in the national conference on “Latest Trends in Mechanical Engineering” (NCLTME-2014) organized by the department of mechanical engineering at NSS College of engineering, Palakkad.

Technical Membership
 Indian society of technical education (ISTE) 
Indian society for heating, refrigeration and air conditioning engineers (ISHRAE)
Personal details  

Name                         : Noorudheen. EV
Father’s name            : Mr.Ahamed kutty haji
Date of birth              : 16-12-1993
Marital Status            : Single
Nationality                 : Indian 
Passport Number       : N2552666
Language Known      :  English, Malayalam.  
Hobbies                     : Listening Music, Playing cricket and reading books                                                    
Permanent Address    : Ettuveettil House
                                     Chinakkal, Mattathur p.o, 
                                     Malappuram,kerala
                                     Pin: 676528                           
.
Declaration 
I hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge & belief.

Place: Malappuram, Kerala                                                             	             Noorudheen EV                              
Date: 22/12/2015                                                    