						
KANNADHASAN. M				      Mail: 
								        Mobile: +91-7502435008  
Experience:	(5-years, Civil Planning-Primavera, 3Ds Max).
Career Objective:                           
To build up on my present knowledge and to contribute towards the growth of professionally managed organization in the field of civil engineering with my skills and experience, leading towards my growth and development.
Academic Profile:
Diploma in Civil Engineering - 85 %. (2010) 
Roever Polytechnic College - Perambalur, Tamilnadu, INDIA.
Safety Course:
Diploma in Industrial safety (2014). Annamalai University.
Field work Experience:	(5-years, Civil Planning-Primavera, 3Ds Maxs)
Worked as a Planning Engineer in Prime Engineers & Contractors, Perambalur.
 From 01-July -2010 to till date.
Role of work; Primavera. (Building Planning, Elevation, Estimation, approval drawing).
Responsible for managing and executing projects, including time and budget management and quantity control. As well as delivering projects successfully and being accountable for project planning and direction.
Duties:
Assisting in the supervision of civil, Building works or services contracts.
Challenging structural architects in terms of proposed solutions i.e. construction cost, technical requirements, sustainability, suitability or quality. 
Delivering assigned tasks for airport design & infrastructure development projects. 
Surveillance and review of structures, design plans and drawings. 
working to keep the project within the Time & budget
preparing insurance replacement estimates for all kinds of buildings,
Preparing and reviewing documentation for regulatory approvals and contract issues.
Preparation of drawings, reports and specifications.
Ensuring compliance with all project QA procedures and requirements.
Sustaining client relationships and developing new business. 
Preparation of bids and monitoring of project
Technical Proficiency:

 Primavera P6, P6 R8.2
Auto CAD 2D Civil 

Autodesk 3Ds-Max 2011
 Operating System: Windows XP, 7 & 8.
Key skills and competencies
Undertaking inspections, data collection and supervising construction of work. 
Level headed diplomatic approach to working with others. 
Experience of environmental design and management, including all aspects of water supply and management for mine sites.
Designing and developing projects and programs of maintenance work.
Able to lead technical teams, and provide project strategy and direction to them.
Knowledge of computer drafting software.
Academic Achievement:
Dr.A.P.J Abdulkalam replica award Certified as best appreciate student in studies during academic year 2007.
Certify that N.S.S volunteer at Govt.Hr.Sec.School, Kugaiyur.
Participated in the district level leadership draining programe at Govt.Hr.Sec.School, Devapandalam.
Project Title:  
Experimental study on partial replacement of cement by using silica fume in concrete.
Personal Details:
Father’s name		:	Murugesan.K
Mother’s name	:	Sellammal.M
D.O.B			:	04-05-1992
Nationality		:	Indian
Marital Status		:	Single
Languages		:	English,Tamil. 
Address:	
1/45-Water Tank Street, Pillangulam Po, Veppanthattai Tk, Perambalur Dt, 621117.
Passport Details:

Passport no     :  M6054549                   
Date of issue  :   06-02-2015
Date of expiry   : 	05-02-2025 
Place of issue    : 	TRICHY 

Declaration:
I hereby declare that the above mentioned details are true up to my knowledge and I hear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.


                                      			                                                           Signature,
                                                 			                                      Kannadhasan.M 