
P.Venkata Durga Viswanadh
Viswanadh540.poppoppu@gmail.com
viswanadh.durga@wipro.com
Mobile No: +91-9533015454

Objective:

      To build a career with leading corporate of hi-tech  environment  with
committed and dedicated people, which will help me to explore  myself  fully
and realize my potential. Willing to work as a key player in  challenging  &
creative environment.


Technical Summary:




    . Having Six Months of experience in Database Administration of MS SQL
      SERVER in Production and Development.
    . Excellent skills with Configuration, Installation and knowledge in up
      gradation.
    . Troubleshooting and Managing of MS SQL SERVER 2000, 2005 on Windows
      server 2000 platforms.
    . Configuring/administering SSAS/SSRS
    . Performed daily database administration tasks like User management &
      Storage Management.
    . Experience with Backups, Recovery and Restoration.
    . Checking for Error Logs, Locks and Blocks and Long Running Queries.
    . Checking for Job Alerts.
    . Having Good knowledge on log shipping and failover clustering.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Operating System       : Windows Server 2012,Windows 2007
Databases              : MS SQL SERVER 2000 and 2005, MS Access
Programming Language   : Java,J2SE
Tools                  : SQL Server Management Studio, Enterprise
      Manager, SQL
                         Server Agent, Performance Monitor, Query Analyzer.

Network Topologies           : DHCP,TCP/IP,

Routing Protocols            : EIGRP,OSPF, RIP.





WORK EXPERIENCE:



Working with Acute Informatics, Client for Wipro InfoTech., as System
Engineer at commissioner of commercial taxes, Hyderabad Since August 2013
to till date.





Project : Tax Information Exchange System



Project Description: Tax Information Exchange System (TINXSYS) is a project
to facilitate effective tracking of inter-State transactions. The project
is designed to facilitate Commercial Tax Departments of various States and
Union Territories to exchange the data regarding the interstate trade and
help them in checking evasion of tax. The project is being implemented by
Empowered Committee of State Finance Ministers (EC) on turnkey basis.






Roles and Responsibilities:


. Administering SQL Server Production Database.
. Backup and Restore.
. Monitoring SQL Server Jobs (SQL Server Agent and Maintenance Plans Jobs)
. Installing, Configuring database servers.
. Troubleshooting SQL Server production issues.
. Capacity planning and monitoring database growth.
. Replication management.
. Managing SQL Server security and logins.
. Importing Exporting data using DTS, SSIS packages. This is intended to
move a data from one location to another or create a copy of the data.
. Designing disaster recovery strategies.
. Building rebuilding indexes to improve performance.
. Moving objects from QA to Production databases. Detach and Attach in
order to move a database from one location to another.


Achievements:

    . Certified and trained on Advanced Industry Certification in Software
      Development -Java from TALENTSPRINT - IIIT Hyderabad.
    . Received the Client for client appreciation letter for  Government  of
      Andhra Pradesh and Telangana.




Educational Summary:


    . Completed Bachelor of Technology (CSE) in  2013  at  Akula  Sreeramulu
      College Of Engineering from JNTU Kakinada.
    . Completed my Intermediate in 2009 in Pragati Jr. College, Tanuku.
    . Completed my SSC in 2007 Gowtham Model School, Tanuku.

Personal Details:

      Name       :        Poppoppu Venkata Durga Viswanadh
      Date of Birth    :        22-June-1992.
      Nationality            :        Indian.
      Languages known  :        English, Telugu.
      Passport Number  :        N1721396.
  Passport Issued Date :        03-08-2015
      Passport Expiry Date   :        02-08-2025


Declaration:

I  hereby declare that the above mentioned particulars are true to the  best
of my knowledge.

Date:                                                                  Yours
Sincerely

Place:                                                             Hyderabad


                                                        P.V.D.Viswanadh.



