                  Virender Singh

Email:Tanwar.virendersingh@gmail.com   (personal)
VPO-JUGALPURA,
VIA-KANWAT
DISTRIC-SIKAR(RJ)-INDIA
PIN-332708
Mob. No:- 9509264136
                    


:- 4.0 years experience in Projects Commissioning, Operation & maintenance, Breakdown  in wind and Solar energy.                               

EXPERIENCE:

Presently I Am Working In Vikram Solar Pvt. Ltd As A Engineer Of 20 MW solar Power Plant In Operation And Maintenance Department From 1-Aug-2014 To Till Date. Vikram Solar Is a Leading In Solar Projects in india.

I Have Worked  in “WIND WORLD  INDIA LTD.” As a Sr. Technician in Operation& Maintenance department at 81 MW wind power plant at Jamnagar Gujarat, from 21 September 2011 to 15-July-2014. Wind World is a leading in wind power industry.


DESIGNATION-:  Engineer

ACADEMIC RECORD: 

 I.T.I  in Electrical (77.14 %)
Diploma In Electrical engineering(77.08 %)

WORK PROFILE:

Commissioning and Testing of Wind Energy Converter, Inverters, Electronic Panels and Transformers.
Brake down and Periodic Preventive maintenance of WEC &  Inverters
      Break down analysis and why analysis.
Remote Monitoring of Machines through SCADA system with optical as well as copper cables with its routine maintenance.
Looking after monthly performance and Generation of WEC(Wind Energy Converter)
Proper utilization of manpower, motivating workmen towards achieving the company’s vision.
Managing day-to-day activities.
ISO documentation.
Planning & execution of Preventive maintenance and related activity.
   
DOMIN SKILLS:

Working out various requirements with respect to utilities, machines, manpower & monitoring overall operations for ensuring timely completion of the O & M.
Directing & instructing maintenance technicians; monitoring expenses with optimum utilization of resources.
Monitoring implementation & documentation of quality systems. 
Deployment of suitable manpower and equipments / materials and proper planning to ensure timely execution of the O & M. 
Material Planning & developing vendors for obtaining timely procurement of materials & equipments at cost effective prices to ensure smooth execution of O & M.
Anchoring on-site O & M activities and ensuring completion of assignment within the time & cost parameters and effective resource utilization to maximize the output.
Working over the cost control methods to let down the maintenance cost with innovative ideas. Analyzing the overall cost expends before & their effect over O & M in order to reduce those expenses in future planning.
Organizing schedule for the different types of material incoming at different phases of service as per the material availability & O & M urgency with the help of material department.
Studying of Electrical drawings & other official formats & documents to improve the performance of EIL sites as per the ISO requirement & giving feedbacks with modifications to the department Heads.
EQUIPMENTS HANDLED : 
230, 600 & 800 Kw & 1Mw Synchronous Generators used in wind Turbines.
Power devices such as Inverter, Rectifier, Chopper. Have 230, 600 & 800KW generators.
Switch gears (VCB,ACB,SF6)
DC motor, AC motors, winch with protection system. Induction motors, dc motors,                                                                
Relays, contactors, semiconductor fuses, IGBT, Thyristors, 
Temperature sensors, proximity, sensors, vibration and oscillation sensors, strain gauge.
Optical and SCADA communication etc
33 KV Vacuum circuit breakers            
TRAINING EXPOSURE:

Six months on job training in “Operation and Maintenance of WEC” in ENERCON Training Academy certified 
Undergone Training in QMS 9001- 2000 & well exposed to Processes.
Undergone Training in SAP, SCADA
Having trained in safety, health, environmental, rescues training form ETA, Daman by “SHE Dept, EIL”.
Having trained in First Aid & Life saving procedure from “Lifeline institute, PUNE.”
Having Trained in Fire extinguisher checking.
Having trained in business etiquette & Time management at ETA, EIL

PERSONAL:
     
Highly interactive, Initiative, Team-oriented & empathic, Honest and Hard working.

     
      Father’s Name     : Sh. Kan Singh
      Passport No- L8811678
    
      Current location – Bap,Jodhpur,Rajasthan (Ready to relocate)
     

      I do hereby declare that all information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge  
      And belief.
                                                                                               

                                                                                      (Virender  Singh)


