
SHEKH ALIM                        3RD   Floor, House No-C-112/B,
                                        C-Block, Shaheen Bagh, New Delhi.
                                        Mob: - +91- 8510865274

e-mail: alim.imperial07@gmail.com


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------
Career objective:
To apply the knowledge in a competitive  and dynamic business environment
based on my expertise and personal capabilities and contributing towards
the growth of the organization so as to attain professional as well as
personal goals.

Professional Experience:
Nameh Hotels & Resorts Pvt. Ltd (KJS Group) Jasola, New Delhi-110025 from
Feb 2013 to till  as In-house Architect Assistant (More than 6 year
experience of Architectural Industry)

Running Projects:
Hotels & Resort Projects (Commercial)
    . Nameh Hotels & Resort Calangute, Goa Running Project
    . Safdarjung Commercial Cum Residential Running Project
    . Metro Park Huda City Centre Gurgaon Commercial Running Project
    . Complete Project: ParkInn Mandawali, Property of (KJS Group) New Delhi
    . C-762 Residential Running Project (Residential Projects)

Planning (Plan, Elevation, Sections), Details of all part of Sections.
Architectural Drawings In house Developed with Senior Team
Preparation of presentation, permission drawings and working drawings.
Calculation for quantities of materials to raise P.O's and Work orders for
the contractors and preparation of BOQ's
On site giving instructions for execution
Area Calculation for Materials Quantity
Management All Drawings & Documents of Projects
All Graphic Works which is associated with projects
Modelling in 3D exterior & interior building projects with perspective view
like Residence Villa, Apartments, Duplex, Shops, Mall, Hotel and also site
of construction area to show in 3D bird eye view.

Architect's  Concept Design Pvt. Ltd, Deoli Khanpur, New Delhi-110062 from
Feb' 2011 to Jan' 2012 as Architectural Designer

Residentials Plan, Elevation, Section & Details of all part of Isolated
Sections.
Calculation for quantities of materials to raise P.O's and Work orders for
the contractors and preparation of BOQ's
As per required time to time visit site for supervising/explaining
according to drawings
As per CAD Interior Plan drawing like Hall, Bedroom, Kitchen, Hotel,
Reception Hall, Mall, Conference Room, Corporate Office etc. 3D modelling
with decore, lighting, texturing and rendering Mental Ray & V-Ray rendering
of the Interior or Exterior buildings, Decore with creative ideas of
interiors etc.
Mandatory furniture modelling as per client required etc.

Scapix Pvt.Ltd as a lead 3d Designer Architectural works from Sep' 2010 to
Jan' 2011.

As per CAD Interior Plan drawing like Hall, Bedroom, Kitchen, Hotel,
Reception Hall, Mall, Conference Room, Corporate Office etc. 3D modelling
with decore, lighting, texturing and rendering.
Mental Ray rendering of the Interior or Exterior buildings.
Photo Realistic Rendering.
Walkthrough, Flythrough, Dynamic Works etc.
High Rise Buildings etc.
Decore with creative ideas of interiors etc.
Mandatory furniture modelling as per client required etc.

Technical Skills:.
Proficient in (Ms Word & Excel)
Graphic & Technical Software: 3DS MAX, AUTO CAD, ILLUSTRATOR, PHOTOSHOP,
COREL.
Presentation Software: After Effect, Power Point etc.

Academic Qualification:
Bachelor of Commerce (West Bengal)

Professional Qualification:
Two Years technical training from Industrial Training Institute (I.T.I)
NCVT, Ranchi in trade of Draftsman (Civil).
Two Year Diploma in Architectural Visualization (Computech Computer Centre,
Kharagpur, WB)
Six month training in CADD Drafting of Architecture planning and design
from Computer Foundation, Sakchi, Jamshedpur in May 2005.

Strengths:
Believe in teamwork.
Honest, Commitment of work.

Personal profile:
Date of Birth          :     18th MARCH 1984
Sex              :     Male
Nationality      :     Indian
Religion         :     Islam
Hobbies          :     Playing Cricket.
Language         :     English, Hindi & Urdu
Marital Status   :     Married
                                                         Signature

                               (SEKH ALIM)
