                                                                       CURRICULUM VITAE
R.SELVAM
WESTSTREET 
KEELAKALPOONDI(PO)
CUDDALURE(DT)
CELL:+919003898297 
E-MAIL:


CAREER OBJECTIVE:

Seeking a challenging career in the quality environment where my technical skills and           qualification as a Mechanical Engineer can be shared and enriched and make a significant 
Contribution to organization with strong work ethics and diligence.

CAREER BRIEF:

Having Over 3.7 Years Work Experience in Singapore and in India in Design, MEP, 
Installation and Testing of following service. 

Fire Fighting (Sprinkler System, Hose reel and Clean):-
Workshop Drawing Preparation, Pump Head calculation, Materials, Fittings & Valves quantity take off, Execution of Installation, Testing & Commissioning of GI Pipeline, Sprinkler, Hose reel, Dry Risers, Wet Risers, Foam System & Fire Pumps (Diesel Pump, Jockey Pump & Electric motor Pump) as per Civil Defense Regulations & standard )

Plumbing (Water Supply, Drainage and Storm water):-
Workshop Drawing and material submittal Preparation, Pump Head calculations, Pump, water Heater and sanitary items selection, loading Unit Calculations & Pipe Sizing, Materials, Fittings and Valves quantity take off and Execution of Installation, Testing and Commissioning of Water supply Pipeline, Drainage Pipe Line, Storm Water Pipeline, Water Tank, Water Heater, Booster Pump, Transfer Pump, Sump Pump and controls etc.

HVAC (Heating, Ventilating and Air Conditioning):-
Experienced in Central Plant, Package unit and Split Air-conditioning unit installation works, also comprising planning, scheduling, Co-coordinating with main Clients, contractors, Sub-contractors, interacting with consultants, Heat Load Estimation (HAP-Carrier), Equipment selection, Duct Design Pipe Design & Sizing Calculation, Pump Head Calculation, Workshop Drawing & Material Submittal preparation, Materials & Fittings take off and Execution of Installation, Testing & Commissioning of Air Handling Unit with Heat Recovery Wheel, Fan Coil Units, Ventilation Fans, Air washers, Air Curtains, Package Unit, Chillers, CHW Pumps, BMS Control and Control Valves etc.


Having over 3.8 Years work experience with following companies:-
A. Presently working as a MEP Engineer ( HVAC, Plumbing & Fire fighting) with  
Chempire Construction Coimbatore   (Since may 2nd . 2014 to till date)

B. Worked as a Project Engineer ( HVAC, Plumbing & Fire fighting) with V-Shine Global Pvt Ltd   Singapore (Since September  2013 to march.2014)
Project: NTF general hospital & juronge community health   -Singapore

C. Worked as a HVAC Project Engineer with Tenda Equipment And Service Pvt Ltd Singapore (Since sep 2012 to sep 2013)
Project: Pungol River Park - Singapore  
D. Worked as a Project Engineer HVAC (Design & Execution) with Craze Engineering  	
(Since June 2011 to sep 2012)

WORK EXPERIENCE IN DETAILS:
Assisting the General Manager in the Project Work from the beginning stage till the submission.
Detailed study of scope of work, Specification, Equipment Schedule and BOQ (Tender) etc.
Design of Mechanical System in two step(65% Design and 99% Design)
Design Submission and Preparation of Design and Analysis Report to submit the client.
Pump Head and ESP calculation for Pump & AHU selection respectively.
Preparation of Bill of Quantities and floating the enquiries to the venders.
Mobilization of manpower for execution of the project.
Preparation of Workshop Drawing and Material submittal for consultant approval.
Preparation of Daily & Weekly program based on one month look ahead program.
Preparation of Daily, Weekly and One Month progress report.
Preparation of the detailed Site quantities requirement based on the consultants approved drawings.
Preparation of Work Method Statement as per specification and standard norms.
Supervision of installation of HVAC, Plumbing & Firefighting items as per standard norms.
Floating Request for Inspection of installations to Consultant and rectifying if any snag works / comments.
Floating request to consultant for material inspection as per submittals and specification.
Coordination with all other services like Architectural & Electrical, etc towards successful completion of project.
Coordinating with Architect / Contractors during the execution of the project.
Attending the weekly site meeting with consultant and sub contractors.
Preparation of appropriate documents for handing over the Project (Mechanical Services).

EDUCATION QUALIFICATION: 
Building construction safety  supervisor cores in Singapore (2013)
Bachelor degree in mechanical engineering (2007- 2011) with 73%

Dr. Navaler Nedunchizhiyan College of engineering (ANNA UNIVERSITY)

Higher secondary certificate (2007 STATE BOARD of TAMIL NADU) with 76%
Secondary school living certificate (2005 STATE BOARD of TAMIL NADU) with 60%

IT KNOWLEDGE: 

Well –versed with the following:
-pro/e wildfire4.0
-AutoCAD 2012
-CNC programming (analysis) 
-team center 8
- Microsoft office and internet applications  

YOUNG AND DYNAMIC STRENGTH:

Positively approach the work risk 
Good communication skill with client and co workers 
Smart work and good motivation skills 
All the way to ready to take new challenge 
Easily mingle with others with adaptability 

PERSONAL DETAILS: 

Date of birth          : 29 may 1990
Sex                         : male 
Nationality             : Indian
Passport no            : J6630370
Language known  : English, Tamil
Status                     : single 
Singapore fin no   : G5352067M

DECLARATION:

I do hereby declare that the above given information are true and correct to the best of my 
Knowledge.
R.SELVAM