




                            MOHAMMAD KHALID IQBAL
                     Tel:+919939231212(PATNA) ~ E-Mail:-
                 Khalid.engr@yahoo.com/x.ray.qatar@gmail.com
   [pic] In quest of managerial assignments as Project Engineer / Project
    Coordination domain with an organisation of high repute preferably in
                                India, QATAR.


         Précis

 > B.E. professional with nearly 5 years of experience in Strategic Planning
   of Projects, Coordination and Project of ELECTRICAL.
 > Last associated with QATAR POWER CONSTRUCTION AS PROJECT ENGINEER.
 > Gained exposure in design, development and  manufacturing  of  ELECTRICAL
   AND CIVIL.
 > Administering  electrical  and  civil  related  (as  per  site  required)
   projects and ensuring its  timely  completion  &  with  high  class  work
   quality as per given words on contracts.
 > Proficient at providing end-to-end coordination, development of  products
   from requirement analysis to system study, designing,  documentation  and
   implementation.
 > Adept  at  conducting  Communication  Design  and  Development  including
   Layout, Analysis, Evaluation Prototype Build-Up and Testing of Electronic
   & Communication Components.
 > Exceptional communication, collaboration  &  team  building  skills  with
   proficiency at grasping new technical concepts quickly  and  utilize  the
   same in a productive manner.
 > Demonstrated abilities in comprehending new technologies with ease.

                                 Skills Set

                                 Managerial


Project Management

 > Analysing the project requirements such as Client / user interaction  for
   requirement  gathering,  risk  assessment,  finalization   of   technical
   specifications and discussions for effort /  cost  /  time  estimation  /
   issue and client co-ordination and reporting.
 > Evaluating and assessing requirement of  system  software  for  selecting
   appropriate technologies.
 > Delivering and implementing the project as per scheduled milestones.


Team Management

 > Training clients and customers on the product and extending  them  onsite
   support including deployment and maintenance of software product.
 > Delegating the work to the team members on  a  priority  basis  and  also
   basing on the skill set.
 >  Monitoring  the  performance  of   the   team   members   and   ensuring
   accomplishments of targets.

                                  Technical

            Operating System : Windows 98, 2000, XP.
            Languages        : VB, Oracle 9i.
            Office Suite          : Ms Word, Excel.
            Project Tool          : Microsoft.net,

                                                               Career
Recital


April2'2011- Till Date
                            QATAR POWER CONSTRUCTION, as Project engineer


  . Preparation of site activity planning in the detailed project schedule.
  . To review the approved drawings, planned  activities  and  confirm  the
    actual  resources  including  the  supervisors,   workers,   equipment,
    documentation, work method and sub contractors as applicable during the
    site planning stage.
  . Daily and  long  term  planning  at  site,  coordination,  control  and
    efficient  utilization  of  the  required  resources   for   all   site
    activities.
  . Supervise the foreman to ensure assign work to be  completed  according
    to the approved drawings.
  . Coordination with QA/QC Engineer in receiving and inspection  materials
    at site.
  . Reconciliation of all mark up drawing needed for As-Built Drawings.
  . Maintaining proper handling and storage of materials, tools, equipments
    etc at site.
 .     Assuring safety as per standard require for the project.
  . Over all coordination with  QA/QC  Engineer,  Project  Engineer,  other
    Engineers at site and sub-contractors for materials, equipments etc.
  . Coordination with SEC representative on inspection/test witness and any
    other contractual obligation.
  . Coordination with Testing & Commissioning Team and SEC witnessing  Team
    to precede Testing & Commissioning as per planned schedule.
  . Monitoring and control of the relevant company procedure to ensure that
    they are followed correctly. Rectify  and  implement  any  deficiencies
    reported through non conformance reports.
  . Water supply system & motor control systems.
  . Installation of internal & external lighting and lightning system.
  . Cable laying HV, MV & LV.
  . Clearing the Punch/Snag List with SEC after the work completion.


                                                             March12'2007  -
april1'2009
                                   Unicon infradev engineering  private  ltd
as Engineer / project engineer

  .  Over  all  coordination  with  Indian  Housing  authority  for  design
    approval,
  . Execution on site For Building Electrical and AC work
  . Work for fire alarm (conventional )
  . Assist and Coordinate to Civil engineer
  . Handled our AC and Electrical Maintenance team
  . Installation of 220kva generator as a replacement of  supply   for  any
    plant






July'2006 -march'2007
                  Shah industries private ltd, Patna Bihar
  . Supervise the Production of Stabilizer and Antenna.
  . All Electrical and maintenance work
  . Sales and Marketing for our Product.
  . Getting Approval from Authorities for our product
  . Invoice and payment to client and subcontractors
  . Preparation of site activity planning in the detailed project schedule.
  . To review the approved drawings, planned  activities  and  confirm  the
    actual  resources  including  the  supervisors,   workers,   equipment,
    documentation, work method and sub contractors as applicable during the
    site planning stage.

Significant Highlights
> Successfully handled key project on GTC 226/GTC 198/GTC196.
> Managed key client such as Kaharma.
>
                            Key Projects Handled

Project#1

Title            : GTC 226/2008 for Qatar power construction WLL.
Client                 : KAHARMA QATAR.
Team Size        : 20 Members.
Work                     : maintenance and upgrading of substation.

Project Description
Upgrading the rating of RING MAIN  UNIT,  FEEDER  PILLERS,  TRANSFORMER,LIKE
before feeder pillar coming 800 or 1250 Ampere  but  recently  2500  ampere,
transformer 500 or 800 or 1000 or 1250 KVA but  recently  1600KVA  According
to the requirement of client .
[pic]




Project#2

Title            : GTC 196/2008 for Qatar power construction WLL.
Client                 : KAHARMA QATAR.
Team Size        : 20 Members.
work                     : construction of substation ,



Project Description
Construction based on project GTC196/2008 area newly establishing  like  bin
omran, thumama, al khor, industrial area.
[pic]
Project#3

Title            : GTC 198/2008 for Qatar power construction WLL.
Client                 : KAHARMA QATAR.
Team Size        : 20 Members.
work                     : direct supply service .

Project Description
Direct service from main LV cable to home by using  service  cable  base  on
distribution according to need. Generally we are using cable sizes  of  this
like 4c 16, 35, 70,120,185,300 till.
[pic]
Project#4

Title            : GTC 212/2008 for Qatar power construction WLL.
Client                 : KAHARMA QATAR.
Team Size        : 20 Members.
Work                     : diversion of HV cable mainly.

Project Description
This project is based on diversion or newly  requirement  or  cable  passing
through private area.


Project#5

Title            : DANWAY project in umm salal Qatar.
Client                 : self work.
Team Size        : 20 Members.
Work                     : work related to 3.3kv  hv  cable  termination  to
give supply there generators.

Project#6

Title            : sidra hospital & Research College in Qatar.
Client                 : self work (main contractor is kentz).
Team Size        : 20 Members.
Work                     : work related HV termination  3c240  mm  in  block
wise.



Managerial skill          : working as store incharge 6 months managing all
incoming and outgoing & stock balance
                                         Material also managing in system
by using oracle 6i as pioneer solution for all project and
                                        Sites in Qatar power construction
wll.



                                                            Training /
Seminar Attended

> PMP Training program.
> Seminars related to Business  Development  in  terms  of  BMS  /  Project
  Planning & Managements.

                                 Scholastics
2006_ B.E. (Electronics &  electrical)  aggregate  70%  from  MAULLANA  AZAD
COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING & TECHNOLOGY. Patna (Magadh University).


      Personal Dossier

Date of Birth          : 10th June, 1984.
Address          : G-2, gulistaan  apartment,  garahuwa  tolla,  Sultangunj,
Patna - 800006, Bihar.
Linguistic Abilities   : English, Hindi and Urdu and   Arabic.
Passport No      : G6778381
Valid                            : 13/01/2018

