                                                        Sunil Kumar PS
: +91-8951200687
: 

OBJECTIVE

Intend to build a career with leading corporate of hi-tech environment with committee and dedicated people, which will help me to explore myself fully and realize my potential. Willing to work as a key player in challenging environment.
EDUCATION
I hold a Bachelor of Engineering degree in Electronics and Communication Engineering (First Class) from Visvesvaraya Technological University 2008-2011.
Completed Diploma in Electronics & Communication (First Class) from KVG Polytechnic, Sulia in the year of 2003-2006.
PRESENT JOB
Currently working in Access Automation Pvt Ltd as a Technical sales, Marketing and field application Engineer from April-2015 to till date, handling the CRM, On site support for DAQ, ATE installation and integration.
Company Overview: Access automation Pvt Ltd is Test Automation solution provider and worked in Power, Manufacturing and Defence sectors. LG, L&T, Flextronics and BEL are the main customer.
JOB DESCRIPTION
Planning & implementing marketing activities across all online & offline channels. 
Setting up new marking strategies. Generating sales leads. Managing customer relationships. 
Logging and progressing all new leads / potential sales enquiries.
 Making sales calls and handling enquiries from potential customers. 
Analyse and produce reports on data provided by customers.
Campaign tracking, measurement, evaluation and reporting on all activity. 
Co-ordinating company representation at relevant conferences and exhibitions. 
Giving onsite support and integration of projects and giving the training for the customer.
Technical Management:
Understanding the customer requirements and giving perfect and reasonable test solutions such as data acquisition, Functional test and automated test solutions.
Suggesting suitable hardware modules such as DAQ, measuring Instruments and test control units (DIO) and modules.
Systems study at customer place to collect technical specification and their requirement for automation solutions.
WORK EXPRIENCE
COMPANY: Access automation Pvt Ltd
Duration: 6th April- 2015 to till date.
Designation: Business development executive and application Engineer.
Description:  Responsible for new business enquiry and field application support.

COMPANY: Absotherm Facility management Pvt Ltd.
Duration: April-2012 to January-2015
Designation: BMS Engineer.
Description:
Maintaining the computer network for IBMS related systems such as chillers plant, UPS and HT yard. 
Daily monitoring and checking preventive measurements for VCB and ACB.
Checking the power transformer performance and its routine checking.
Routine checking of direct digital controller and Patton converter and other communication devices.
Maintaining the Novapro application for building management system. 
Taking care of fire alarm (Fire-pro) integration and fire fighting system of building.

COMPANY: Eltel Industries.
Duration: May-2006 to June-2008
Designation: Testing Engineer.
Description:
Testing of Online UPS Battery chargers, Inverters and servo stabilizer.
Testing of transformer winding resistance measurement instruments.
Integration of CT/PT testing rack system along with EPD, de-magnetiser and burden. transmission, whose data can be recorded and viewed.
Functional Testing  for Online UPS and Inverters.
Board level testing of Charger and Inverter card for UPS and Inverter.
Servicing of Servo stabilizer, online UPS and Inverters.




SOFTWARE SKILLS
Completed Advance Diploma in Embedded systems from Cranes Software International, during July-2011 to August-2012.
C-programming, Microcontroller 8051 and LabView.
Successfully completed the project on Hotel Reservations system using C++ features such as class, functions, Inheritance and file.
Knowledge in machine level programming Languages: MASN8080, MPLAB 8051.

UNDERGRADUATE PROJECT
Human Hands and Voice Interpretation Robot with Navigation             Dec 2010-Jun 2011
This project deals with the interpretation of a humanoid type robot which can:
Interpret the basic movements of human hands and voice: The movement of robot (FRONT,BACK,LEFT,RIGHT) can be controlled by voice.
            Navigation is through wheels and the robot hands can be controlled by Accelerometers attached to human hands there is also a provision for distance sensor on robot in case of Emergency and a camera mounted on it for video 
EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACHIEVEMENTS
Our BE academic project was adjudged as one of the outstanding projects of the year and was selected for the “PROJECT OF THE YEAR 2010-11” award by KSCST.
PERSONAL PROFILE:
Father’s Name				: P Srinivasa Rao
Date of Birth				: 1st April 1986
Nationality				: Indian
Mother Tongue			: Kannada
Sex					: Male
Marital status				: Single
Languages known			: English, Kannada, Hindi &Malayalam.	
Passport No                                         : J8769347
I affirm that the information given above is true and correct to the best of my knowledge.
Place: 					                                	    Your Faithfully,
                                                                                                       SUNIL KUMAR PS	   
