
                                  AZAD KHAN
             H No 17 B VPO Kasan Near IMT Manesar Gurgaon-122001
                          Phone: +91 9716641476 (M)
                         Email: azadkhan9@gmail.com

                            FINANCE PROFESSIONAL
                 9 Years of Experience in Finance & Accounts

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE

 . Finance Professional offering 9 years of experience. Proven expertise  in
   streamlining the finance accounting domain with focus on authenticity and
   accuracy.
 . A professional with knowledge of FP&A  &  Reporting,  Variance  Analysis,
   Excel Reporting, R2R Process, Indian Accounting Standards, Data  Analysis
   etc.
 . Expertise  in  formulating  and  implementing  the  Accounting  Policies/
   Procedures with the ability to relate theory with practice.
 . Good interpersonal skills, known for honest  work  ethics  and  executing
   tasks in time without compromising on quality. Accustomed to  long  hours
   in pursuit of company goals.
 . Excellent computer skills, Proficient  in  Windows,  Word  and  Internet,
   familiar with Excel.
 . Proficient in using OBIEE, Brio, Ifocus and Hyperion Essbase.


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE & DEVELOPMENT

MOTOROLA INDIA (P) LTD., GURGAON                    Since Mar, 2013

(Payroll of Qsix India Pvt Ltd)
Finance Analyst

Currently working with Motorola India (P) Ltd., Gurgaon as a Finance
Analyst in CoE. As a Finance Analyst of team my portfolio encompasses
reviewing & handling Warranty liability Analysis, CPI Analysis, Actual vs
Budget/forcast etc. variance analysis, Month closing and reporting
activities which includes Planning and Financial Analysis across all the
products and countries, Publishing Global sales register, tie out with GL,
month end entries, trend analysis, and various set of reports related to
Global market.

A few of my core profile activities are as follows:

 . Preparation of Monthly CPI and CPU Reports for Global market which
   includes Latin America, North America, EMEA, Asia and Greater China for
   handsets and accessories business.
 . Tie out actual & planning system post updating units, sales & cost and
   keeping close co-ordination of concern country for issue resolution.
 . Preparation MCPU Cost analysis, Financial Pivot.
 . Submitting on regular basis a set of reports to the Global team (Weekly,
   Monthly and Quarterly) and maintaining monthly reporting timetable for
   both routine and ad-hoc tasks.
 . Also taking conference calls, attending meetings and providing upfront
   solutions to the issues, reviewing Reconciliations and reports.
 . Working with Country & Regional Managers to create and review quarterly
   forecasts and annual financial plans, including reporting & analysis to
   explain changes against given baselines.
Professional Achievement
 . Honored with Motorola Star Performer Award in Quarter3 2014.
 . Honored with Motorola Star Performer Award in Quarter4 2014.





PAST EXPERIENCE

Bharti Wal Mart India PVT LTD., GURGAON                      Since
July,2010 to Mar,2013
(Payroll of Ajay Misra & Associates)
Project: Retail , Gurgaon

Accountant - Finance
 . Ensuring that all Incoming Travel Claims have been entered in Travel
   Tracker.
 . Checking Claims as per policy.
 . Booking all Travel Claims in SAP.
 . Process advance payment for employee.
 . In case any rectification required coordinating with employee and user
   department for correction.
 . Passing reversal entry if correction required in cost centre of GL
   through SAP.
 . Forwarding Travel Claim to managers for payment.
 . Publishing travel claims Payment Tracker on daily basis.
 . Doing Associates Reconciliation quarterly.
 . Coordinating with managers for timely release of payment in case any
   delay.
 . Training all Genpact team for process (Travel Claims)


Modern Prefab Systems Pvt Ltd                      Since May,2006 to
July,2010
Project: Pre Fabricated Construction Huts, Manesar
Accounts Executive
 . Purchase Bills Entered in Tally, Daily Check Cost Center in Tally
 . Responsible for keeping Proper Purchase Bills and All other Record.
 . Reconciliation of Creditors Account.
 . Banks Reconciliation, Issuing Cheques to Parties and Others.
 . Preparing letter for FDR issue and Cancellation.
 . Responsible for Timely Renewal  of  Insurance Policies (Vehicle, Fire,
   Stock, Transit )
 .  Checking of Imprest Bills fortnightly basis.
 . Preparing approval for Creditors O\S Payment as per due date terms basis.
 . Issue ST 38 Inward /Outward Form and D Form,
 . Assist for Taxation (Excise and Sales Tax)
EDUCATIONAL & PROFESSIONAL CREDENTIALS

 . Done MBA (Finance) from Sikkam University in Aug, 2012.
 . Done Graduation (Economics) from Varanasi  University, UP .
 . Passed Senior  Secondary  Exams  from  Haryana  School  Education  Board,
   Bhiwani in 2005.
 . Passed Matriculation from Haryana  School  Education  Board,  Bhiwani  in
   2003.

Computer Proficiency: MS  Office  XP,  Microsoft  Outlook,  Excel  (Vlookup,
sPivot Table) and Word.
Accounting Packages: SAP, Tally 7.2 & Tally 9 ERP.
Business Applications: Boxi, Brio, IFocus, Hyperion Essbase.

PERSONAL INFORMATION

Date of Birth          : March 31, 1988
Father's Name    : Mohhmad Iqbal Khan
Language Known   : English, Hindi, Regional Language (Haryanvi)
Marital Status   : Married
PAN              : AYXPK9078R
Passport No      :M6384189
Visa             : N/A



Place: Gurgaon
                                                                   Date:

                             (Azad Khan)
