RESUME



                       Mohamed Adil

Mob: 917259131084
E-Mail: 



Objective:

To work in a challenging professional environment and there by utilize my talents, cultivate a positive work culture, Accountant and analytical abilities which will improve my knowledge & also growth of the organization.

Professional Synopsis

15months Experience as Accountant AssistentIn Accounts Bureau Auditor office Kaup, ,Udupi, India
Recently worked in Mphasis Call center as a Banking Process as Costumer support
Possess excellent interpersonal, analytical and negotiation skills with proven track record of utilizing a process-oriented approach towards the accomplishment of cost, profit, service & organizational goals
Well versed DCA User Network Applications and MS Office

.
Career Highlights


Auditor Office KAUP ASST. Accountant  --------

Job Responsibilities:
Maintain fixed asset register up to date.
Maintaining all account Related works.
Calculating Sales Tax, Service Tax.
Preparation of reconciliation statements on monthly basis.
Proper account of all advances given from time to time like TA advance, advance for expenses.
Preparation of supporting documents in relation to above.
Preparation of vouchers on daily basis.
Entry of vouchers in computer.
Maintain office &stores register.
Verification of cash balance at the end of the day and tally it with the computerize balance.
Preparation of monthly bills.








Areas of Expertise

Payment voucher and journal voucher
Bank reconciliation statement
Calculation of VAT, Service tax
Maintaining sales ledger & journals
Responsible in analyzing and in compiling financial matters for better Consolidation of financial entries that is necessary for general ledgeraccounts and other accounting records purposes.
Capable and open to learn new skills, systems and procedure to meet changing needs


Education

Bcom in UpendraPai Memorial College Manipal,Mangalore university in 2013
HSC from Government Pu College Udupi Department of PriUnivercity board in 2010
SSLC from Dandathirtha English Mideum school, Karnataka  board of Education in 2007


Technical Skills

Applications:

Diploma in Computer Application (DCA)
Diploma in Fire & Safety Engineering
Well Versed in MS OFFICE
Peachtree Accounting




Personal Profile

Nationality		:	Indian
Date of Birth		:	09.09.1991
Status			:	Single
Languages		:	English, Hindi, Kannada, Tulu, Malayalam
DL                           :         Both two & four wheeler 



Date:
                                                                                 (Mohamed Adil)