

                              Curriculum Vitae



MD.Mazharul Haque
 Mob: 9973122205
E-mail: mazh_74@yahoo.co.in


Having 8 years+ of experience as Computer operator and managed various
tasks of an organization efficiently. I have vast experience and expertise
in data or information entering through various media like PC system
through keyboard device or mouse. I also involved in maintain logs and
records in organizations and could do this accuracy and efficiency.

Objective:
       Take a Challenging role as Computer Operator and there by monitor,
control numerous computer systems, peripherals, equipments and networks
with efficiency which makes the operations of organization effective and
ease.

EDUCATIONAL DETAILS:

education :
b.sc (math) from Bihar university in 1992.
Division : 1st
%age :- 62.3

Formal education:
i.sc under bihar intermediate council , patna
division :- 2nd
%age : 45
Matric under bihar school examination board, patna
Division : 2nd
%age :- 55.5


Skills:
Have experience and expertise in installation of various software and
operating systems namely UNIX, Windows.

Expertise in the usage of MS office tools namely word, MS- Excel, Power
point, Ms-Access,CCNA

Have Expertise in using search engine tools and Internet.


WORK EXPIRENCE:

1.Company Name          :-   Esso Petroleum India Pv. Ltd, Patna

Designation            :-    Computer Operator

 Period of the service :-    Oct ' 1999 to Jan'2003

Job Profile:-          As a Computer Operator I took the responsibility   of
      creating
                 Invoice & Stock Transer  for  outgoing   materials,updating
      files,
                 producing reports as needs  by  clients  or  customers  and
      also take
                 hard copy of the reports or documents as required by
                 management or customers.I also take the  responsibility  of
      taking
                 the back-up and maintenance of data which  are  very  vital
      for the
                 organization. I also assisted senior officials  and  staffs
      by taking
                 copy of files in Compact Discs as needed by them or giving
                  presentations.


2.Company Name    :-   Supreme Crane , Mumbai

Designation      :-    Computer Operator

 Period of the service :-    Feb'2003 to  June'2003

Job Profile      :-    As a Computer operator I assisted the Proprietor  and
                              customers  with  various  tasks  as  and  when
      required took
                       the responsibility of  producing  invoices,  reports,
      daily logs
                       which was utilized by Proprietor of the  organization
      for
                       their decision making. I also helped the customers by


                       giving information about the queries asked by them by


                       retrieving data from database.









3.Company Name   :-    DATACRAFT INDIA LTD.,Mumbai
                       Datacraft is the leading independent IT services  and
                       solutions provider in Asia Pacific.  Specialising  in
                       customised  business   solutions,   Datacraft   helps
                       clients plan, build,  support  and  manage  their  IT
                       infrastructures.


                       Datacraft  applies  its  expertise   in   networking,
                       security,   converged   communications,    datacentre
                       storage, Microsoft operating environments and contact
                       centre  technologies,   with   advanced   skills   in
                       consulting,   integration,   training   and   managed
                       services,  to  craft  customised  IT  solutions   for
                       businesses.


 Designation           :-    Commercial Executive (Trainee )

 Period of the service :-    July ' 2003 to Sep'2006.

 Job Profile                        :-  Login Customer order on  Cisco  Site
                       for the shipment of  material  ,  creating  Purchase
                       order & Sales order in  SAP  for  company's  record,
                       Kitting  of  the  material,  follow   up   for   the
                       consignment, creating invoice to the customer  after
                       final installation of the equipment ,  creating  MMR
                       Report .

Designation      :-    Resource Controller
 Period of the service :-    Jan ' 2008 to till Date

      Job Profile:-    Reporting  to SBI Down branches using Action  Remedy
                            System Programme (ARS) to SBI Corporate Office.


                            Liasioning with Bsnl to monitor Leased Line and
                            ISDN Support, provide uptime support to
                            SBI/Syndicate/IDBI/Canara Bank Branches for
                            Bihar Region approx 915 Branches.


                            Maintain Spare movement inward & outward .








PERSONAL INFORMATION:

                > Address : C/o Aftab  Alam,  Moh.Chitty  Kaury,Lodi  Katra,
                  Patna City - 800008 (Bihar)


                > Email :  mazh_74@yahoo.co.in


                > Date of Birth : 03rd February 1974


                > Place of Birth : Bachharpur
                > Passport Details


                 Passport No . G O114987


                 Date of  Issue :- 20.11.2006


                Expiry Date :- 19.11.2016


                 Place of Issue :- Patna




                > Languages Known: English, Urdu  and Hindi.


                > Hobbies: Playing Cricket & Watching Hindi Movie


                > Total Experience: 08 Years  +

                > Present Salary:  Rs.13000/- Per month.


                > Expected Salary: As per company policy.




