
                                 Vipin Gopi

                        Mobile Number:-+91-9986763241

                       Email: - vipingopi31@gmail.com

Address: - House No. 1, 12th A cross, 16th Main, BTM Layout 2nd Stage, Opp
to MicoLayout Police Station,  Bangalore- 560076

Current Role:- Senior Business Analyst in 'Statistical Operations'
department,TCS (2011-Present)

Summary:-

    . 4 years of experience in analytics in the field of Retail domain.

    . Proficient in statistical tools like SAS, SQL and Excel.
    .  Determining  business  process  related  to   market   research   and
      investigating performance variances against the standard benchmark.
    . Analyzing   data of FMCG products  based  on  household  or  panelists
      purchase behavior.
    . Application of different Analytic tools and Techniques  for  different
      data based on the situations to get desired results and outputs.
    . Strong Problem Solving skills, Multi-Tasking abilities, with proven
      experience in utilizing people and process knowledge to assist
      enterprises in making critical decision.



Qualifications:-



    . 2004-2006, M.com in Finance, Mahatma Gandhi University, Kerala.

    . 2001-2004, B.com in Finance, Mahatma Gandhi University, Kerala.

    .

Area of expertise:-

    . Data Analytics and mining






Tools and Techniques



    . SAS 9.3(Base)

    . Microsoft SQL server

    . Ms office



Relevant experiences and projects



 . Responsible for timely delivery of statistical outputs related to
   universe estimation and support for internal and external clients in
   accordance with Nielsen's global statistical and technical standards.

 . Understanding the consumer behavior and providing the insights  based  on
   the investigation.
 . Define & Measure  universe  analysis  for  Global  Panelists  Recruitment
   Validation.
 . Load and Validate Data based on the Panelists Update.
 . Quality Check and Approve Data Based on the Analysis Results.
 . Extract Expansion factors and Demographic  Information  for  the  Country
   Panelists.
 . Provide value-added  analysis  &  presentations  in  response  to  Client
   Queries.


Previous Role:- Senior Team Member in 'Ford Credit Operations' department,
FBSC (2007-2010)

Summary:-

 .  Analysis  of  Credit  worthiness   of   the   Customer   and   providing
   recommendations based on the Analysis
 . Applying of customer funds based on the payments due verification.
 . Verification of documents provided for the credit approval.
 . Lease End Extension of Customers based on the requests.
 . Processing of Citations based on  the  Jurisdiction  documents  of  North
   America.
 . Preparing the Daily Metrics and auditing of payments processed.




Success Stories:



    . Currently working as an acting team leader for a team of 4
      associates.

    . Received awards like 'Star of the month' and 'TCS gems' from the
      client and the current employer respectively.

    . Proudly associated with Team of the Month Award in both the companies.

    . Awarded with "Six Sigma Yellow Belt" in 2009 for the successful
      completion of Project in "Protection of Personally Identifiable
      Information data"

    . Promoted to the post of 'Senior Business Analyst' from 'Business
      Analyst' within tenure of 3 years of service.

    . Received many applauds from the end client for dedication and
      continues hard work.



Personal Details



    . DOB:- 31st March 1984

    . PAN card # - BAAPG9641J





