AJIT SINGH 
CORRESPONDENCE ADDRESS,
B-21,SEC-09,
NOIDA-201301,U.P,
India
 09571293393
Email:.ajits5920@gmail.com


Career Objective:  To work for an organization which provides me the opportunity to improve my skills and knowledge to grow along with the organization objective.

PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS: Graduate in ELECTRICAL ENGG. with 1 year experience as operation and mainentence engineer  currently with WIND WORLD INDIA LTD. Has vast knowledge to lead routine operation and maintenance activities at site, trouble shooting problems as well as quality improvement. Active involvement in various activities directly associated with increasing level of profitability. Ensuring the smooth operation & health of the wind power plant. Online monitoring & operation of wind energy converters. Developing innovative strategies to prevent defects and attaining maximum machine availability. Excellent coordination and motivating with expertise on quality checks.


PAST EXPERIENCE

Wind World India Limited (16.06.2014 to till date)  

Working as an ELECTRICAL ENGINEER


At Wind World INDIA LTD., an ISO 9001:2008 certified company.

Company Profile:

Established in 1994, with an objective to offer complete solutions in wind energy sector, which includes right from site identification, wind farm design to commissioning and after-sales service.
Responsibilities:
Operate and maintain the wind power plant for maximizing productivity while adhering to Wind World quality regulation.
Execution of preventive maintenance, design upgradations, etc. at respective site as per stipulated schedules.
Attending the breakdown of wind energy converters & associated componentry.
Maintaining the documentation as per ISO & QA standard.
Maintaining the safety rules and regulations.
To train the new employees and trainees.
Uploading Daily generation report in online system.
Maintenance and operation of Power & Control Panels.


CORE COMPETENCIES

Plant Operations / Maintenance
Reviewing the maintenance / operational practices, identifying the areas of obstruction / failures, advising on system, process changes for qualitative improvement and energy conservation.
Planning & implementing the preventive & predictive maintenance schedules for improving the overall reliability and safety of plant & personnel. Implementing preventive maintenance program to improve the efficiency of the system or the equipment undergoing maintenance.

Technical Support :-
To give technical support , CLS, Hydraulic   component and Sensors.
Technical Support Meetings for Burning Technical issues at regional level.

Quality Control and Testing
Maintaining and analysis of the rejection data.
Analyzing assembly line quality issue and implement corrective action plan.



Personnel Management

Conducting training sessions to site Operations & Engineering team for smooth flow of operations. 
Handling operational functions like creating the man-hour management. 
Proper utilization of available manpower.


Technical Expertise
Providing technical support in Wind World Energy Converters like (  E-48=800kw and E-53=800kw)
Trouble shooting of heavy load gear boxes, bearing, CLS, Hydraulic components
Worked on Wind World Energy Converters consisting of synchronous generators, Scada.
Maintenance and operation of totally wind power plant	
Clients handled
Indian Power Corporation Ltd., IL& FS Energy, Wish wind Ltd., Shriram Groups, Madras Cements Ltd., Mineral Enter Prices Ltd., Mysore Mercantile Co. Ltd., Ramco Cement, Ghodavath Pan Masala, Mumbai Stock, Hindustan Zinc Ltd, China Light Power ,CEPCO INDUSRTIES .etc

                                                                                  TRAINING  ATTENDED



Organization:Windworldindia training academy			
Duration: 6 month
Scope:Acquired training on the Operation &Maintenance of the Wind Energy Converters, ISO and QA standards, First aid safety, Corrosion treatment & Rescue Training, 


Organization: OPTCL (ODISHA)
Duration: 1 month
Scope: Acquired training on the TRANSMISSION & DISTRIBUTION of line


Organization : CTTC (ODISHA)
Duration: 1 month
Scope: Acquired training on the PLC (Programmable Logic Controller)

ACHIEVEMENT

GATE (2014) qualified
NCC B & C certificate holder



				
	
EDUCATIONAL DETAILS

S.S.C. From Assumption public school (U.P) with (67%).
H.S.C From Balmukund Ramchandra Bazari sarswati vidya mandir with (69.4%).
B.tech in Electrical Engineering From KIIT UNIVERSITY (odisha)with 8.2 cgpa



IT   SKILLS

Operating system: Familiar withWindows 7.
Application software:  MS-Office, Accessing Internet.
SCADA User, SAP END USER


PERSONAL DETAILS

Date of Birth	   :14.04.1993
Permanent Address : Village- desho
Post                           : ledifarm
Dist                            :maharajganj
Pin                             : 273304
state                          : U.P
Languages Known :HINDI, ENGLISH,
Sex                             : Male
Religion                    :Hindu
Nationality               : Indian
Marital Status         : Unmarried.

DECLARATION
I hereby declare that the information stated above is true to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the same.

Signature :            








