

                             FAHAD KHALID HASHMI

              70, Vishkarma Park, Laxmi Nagar, New Delhi, India
                            Cell: +91 9899 581 349
                       E-mail: fahadhashmi2@gmail.com


 OBJECTIVE:
 To have a challenging opportunity whereby I can demonstrate my abilities
 for acquiring knowledge about the various Marketing and Sales Techniques
 and prove my worth.


 SKILLS / ABILITIES:
 Self motivated individual  who  has  the  ability  to  perform  at  extreme
 pressure, a  very  confident  person  who  can  impress  people  by  strong
 communication skills, goal focussed,  very  hard  working  and  performance
 oriented, a person who likes to face new challenges.


  PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
 Kingdom of Saudi Arabia:
 NCR(NATIONAL CASH REGISTER)                  2006 - 2009
 Customer Engineer (World Wide Customer Services {W.C.S})
< Installation, Maintenance and Repairs of A.T.M's.
 < Ensure a high level of Customer Satisfaction.
  < Perform Tier II/III work on the product like on Servers, Networks and
    Software, Item Processing, Network and System Management.
  < Primary services like Installation, Software Support, Network
    Management, Hardware Maintenance and Multi-Vendor Maintenance.
  < Building working relationships with Customers and Develop Communication
    Channels with Customer Accounts at the local rate.
  < Understand and perform the various  Customer  Service  Level  Agreement
    (SLA) requirements and elevate to escalate issues when appropriate.
  < Focus on Customer Satisfaction at every level and creating a  means  of
    Customer Retention.
  < Ensure the improvement of the Company's Image.
  < Continuous development of Brand Image.
  <  Assist  in  developing  various  innovations  in  the  product/service
    according to the demand of the customer.
  < Continuous awareness of the market and changing  communicating  to  the
    customer the solutions to the various problems faced by them.
  < Conduct  various  activities  in  order  to  maintain  the  competitive
    advantage.
  < Focus on the Customer First Concept and making sure that customers  are
    updated about the various improvements in the product/service.



EDUCATION:
  2009-2011   M.B.A (Marketing & Sales)
            Amity Business School, Noida, India.
                       Dissertation: - A Study of System Outages in the
            Banking sector leading to customer dissatisfaction

 2001-2005     B-Tech. (Electronics and Communication),
                     U.P. Technical University, Lucknow, India
                       Final Year Project: - Implementation of Pi/4
                               D-QPSK Modem using DSP Kit.


 2000- 2001    Intermediate Certificate (Science Faculty)
                       International Indian School Jeddah, KSA

 1998- 1999    High School Certificate.
                       International Indian School Jeddah, KSA

EXTRA CURRICULLAR ACTIVITIES:


. Participated in the table tennis competition securing consolation prize
 in Annual
          Inter-School Tournament 1997 - Saudi Arabia.
. Participated in the table tennis and secured third position Inter School
          Competitions Organized in Jeddah 1998-1999.
. Participated in basketball team securing second position Inter School
          Competitions Organized in Jeddah 1998-1999.
. Member of the table tennis team that won the Inter School Competitions
          Organized in Riyadh 1999-2000.
. Member of the Debate team securing second position the Inter School
          Competitions Organized in Riyadh 1999-2000.
. Participated in basketball team securing third position in the Inter
 School
          Competitions Organized in Riyadh 1999-2000.
. Represented U.P. at the state level as a member of the basketball team
 -Udghosh
          2004 Indian Institute of Technology (I.I.T) Kanpur, India


 PERSONAL INFORMATION:


    Nationality: Indian.
    Driving License: Valid Saudi Arabian and Indian driving license.
    Date of Birth: 7th October 1982.
    Passport No: F2679733.
    Marital Status: Single.
    Permanent Address: 628/373/3 Shakti Nagar, A-block Indra Nagar, Lucknow,
       U.P.
    Languages Known: - Arabic, Spanish, English, Hindi & Urdu.


 REFERENCE:
    References Available Upon Request.
