

                               Nasir Ali Khan

  2216 B Indra Nagar Lucknow
Mobile: 9793993638,9236691471

 E-mail :-nasir_1985@rediffmail.com





Introduction

A development professional with five years experience in areas of  behaviour
change  sales,  Collection,  Operational  management  ,  Customer  care  and
retention of customers . Worked  with   Hewlett-Packard  Ltd.  .Demonstrated
strong  competencies  in  areas  of  behaviour  change  communication,   and
capacity building. Enjoys working in multidisciplinary teams, proficient  in
English, Hindi, Urdu languages .

Professional Experience

Experience with  Hewlett-Packard Ltd.      (Roles of Xylem Resource
                    Management Pvt.Ltd.)
     Executive Retail Sales Lucknow U.P.                            7/2009-
                    Till Date


   ( faizabad,Barabanki,Bareilly,Shahjahanpur, Hardoi,
     Sitapur, Lakhimpur, Raibareilly )
Major Responsibilities:
     *  All  Sales  Target  Achievement  -  No.  of   Subscribers,   Amount
       Outstanding (Steady State Customers). And  Achieving  the  award  of
       Best Executive  Of Utter Pradesh.
     * Prepare work plan of activities in support of sales Targets.
     * To insure for properly visit to T3 Partners .
     * To insure 100 % Retention Visit and Retain to  75  %  Customers   of
       given data .
     * Managing Tele calling, Field Visit of VCP sales Staff, and  Personal
       Field Visits on problematic Customers.
     * Organizing Schemes & Promotions for Specific  Category  Customers  -
       from Company & Locally.
     *  Franchisee Collection Claims Generation & reimbursement .
     * Provide direct, qualitative feedback Of Retention Visits to  concern
       officers.
                                 Responsible to build  up  relationship  and
       rapport with the customer and also with the dealers.

Experience with Icici Prudential ltd.
  Unit Manger
                           07/2005- 7/2009
     Shahjahanpur U.P.



Major Responsibilities:
     * Responsible for developing and maintaining  relationship,  servicing
       existing local, corporate and individual customers .
     * Maintaining relations with Govt. as well as Private organizations .
     * Organizing Schemes & Promotions for Specific  Category  Customers  -
       from Company & Locally.
     * Customer Retention and customer's satisfaction.
     * Making Adviser and achieve all targets with advisers .
     * Responsible to build up relationship and rapport with  the  customer
       and also with the FOS.
     * Handling Customer Care Software's - Like Clarify Simplify , and  BDM
       for all type of Customer Care related Problems.


Experience with Reliance Communication ltd.

Marketing Representative Entrepreneur
                                      2/2003-7/2005
         Shahjahanpur U.P.
Major Responsibilities:
       .  Managing  team  of  30  sales   executives   (DAE)   working   in
         Shahjahanpur.
       . Managing Road shows for increasing sales.
       . Making new Schemes for sales promotion.
       . Managing marketing activities.
Key Competencies


    * A good understanding  of  development  Issues  with  and  emphasis  on
      participation and Sustainability
    * Proven ability to organize,  plan  and  priorities  work  with  strong
      analytical and planning skills.
    * Good Communication and inter personal skills with experience of senior
      level negotiation, liaison with Corporate Clients .
    * An appreciation of a consultative, Team approach to decision making.
    * Expert in Data Compilation and analysis at any level.
    * Good Time-management and ability to work to tight deadlines
    * Innovative & Strategic Thinking.
    * Self starter,  Problem  solving  attitude,  Easily  approachable  with
      amicable personality.

Qualifications

         . Graduation in Hindi and P Science , from Kanpur  University.
         . Passed Class XII with (Physics, Chemistry, Bio,  English,  Hindi
           from U.P. Board.
         . Passed Class X from U.P. Board .
         .  MBA  in Sales and Marketing from Lucknow University.
Complimentary Skills


    o Operating System- MS DOS ,Windows NT, Windows 95, 98, 2000, XP.
    o Operating Environment- Windows NT, Windows XP.
    o RDBMS- MS SQL 7.0, MS Data Base Engine.
    o RDBMS- MS SQL 7.0, MS Data Base Engine.

Personal details

Date of Birth          :       07 - 07 - 1985
Marital Status         :       Unmarried
Father's Name          :           Mr. Iftikhar Ali Khan
Per. Add.                            :           2216 B Indra Nagar Lucknow
                 U.P. 226001

 Current Ctc           :- 2.85

 Current Location  :- Lucknow (U.P.)                          ( Nasir ali
khan )

