Miss.Dhanashri Chavan                                     Contact Address
                            		
B.E. (Computer Science), CDAC, DST                      Pushkaraj No2 cooperating housing Email:                         Serve no 17/2 B Windser Estate 
Mobile: +91 7387516559                            	                flat no delta ½ wadgaonsheri, Pune
			 
OBJECTIVE

To give the best of my caliber through sincere, honest, and hard work and prove myself as an asset to the organization.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

4.4 Years of professional IT experience in the field of Software development, Software Testing.
Having knowledge of working with banking domain,Healthcare domain.
Good understanding of Agile (SCRUM) methodology.
Knowledge of Testing Windows and web based application
Having knowledge of RFT,RQM,Selenium testing tools.
Rich experience in Captiva tool.
Experience in Designing and Preparing test cases and execute them.
Good knowledge of Black Box testing techniques.
Experience in Functional Testing, GUI Testing, Usability Testing,System testing, Integaration   testing .
Extensive experience in Functional and Non-functional testing.
Good Exposure in SDLC, STLC, Defect Life Cycle, SQL queries.
Involved in analysis, design, development, testing, batch fixing.
Hands-on experience on Databases.

Skill SET

Operating Systems 	 :  Window XP and windows 2007
Database               	 :  Oracle 10g, MySQL
Tools                      	 :  RFT, Selenium webdriver, Selenium IDE, QTP-8.2(Theory 
                                             Knowledge), RQM, QC, Captiva,C#,VB.NET
      Bug Reporting tool 	:  Jira, Bugzila.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Presently working with Cybage Software Pvt Ltd, Pune as a Software Engineer February 2011 to till Date. Worked on client side HSBC Pvt. Ltd., Pune as a Software Engineer (April. 2012 – April. 2014)

PROJECTS UNDER TAKEN
Project Name: CAPTIVA (Capture Tool)

Employer: HSBC Pvt. Ltd., Pune
Client: HSBC Bank
Technologies: .net, FileNet.
Operating Systems: windows 2007
Domain: Banking Captiva Input Accel.
Database: SQL server 2005
Other Tools: RTC/SONAR, Revellie, Cognos

Project Description:
EMC Captiva Capture enables organizations to capture documents and data from paper, electronic files, and other sources, transforming it into digital content and delivering it into content management systems and business processes. By helping businesses reduce manual paper handling steps, Captiva Capture minimizes processing errors, improves data accuracy, and accelerates business processes by making information instantly available in content repositories like EM Documentum, EMC ApplicationXtender, and Microsoft SharePoint. with Captiva Capture, businesses can leverage a proven enterprise document capture platform that scales to handle a few thousand documents or several million documents per day, allowing businesses to meet their future business growth.


Responsibilities:

Working on projects(Captiva)for the largest banking company-HSBC GLT1.0
Participating in requirements design phase with customers.
Working on different tools like RTC code repository, Reveillie reporting tool.
Handling customer communication for all technology needs
Achieving goals successfully before time line.
Integrating and Unit testing
Working on documentation of various Processes
Worked on production batch fixing(L2 support)
Involved in Preparation & Execution of the Test Cases
Filing bugs under appropriate category and fallow them

Project Name: CYRAMED
Employer: Cybage Software Pvt. Ltd.Pune
Client: MMT (Mountain Medical Technology)
Technologies:  C#, Microsoft visual studio 2008
Operating Systems: windows 2007
Domain: Health Care
Database: SQL server 2005
Other Tools: NA
Project Description:
This project is regarding with health care domain.Cyramed application take new as well as existing patient entry, keep information of the patient. If patient is new, then he/she need to fill the information form which includes fields like personal information. Then create encounter for the newly added patient, book appointment for the patient, also assign doctor for the patient.
Every patient has separate form called as face sheet form which contains number of tabs like medication, allergies via these tabs we will add necessary medication for the patient, also add allergies patient suffering from, we also generate.
SOAP(subjective,Objective,Assessment,Plan)note from this application which is nothing but a report which consists of general examination of the patient, dieses patient suffering from, drug name offered by doctor.
Also consists of doctor signature at the end of the report. Fax, scanning functionality also provided. In short, Cyramed is the application which includes all information of the patient.

Roles and Responsibilities in the project:
Manual test execution of execution of existing & newly written test cases.
Reading the Test Plan & Writing the new test cases according to the specification given in the test plan.
UI Verifications
Platform upgrade testing
Filing bugs under appropriate category and fallow them.
Helping developers time to time to reproduce the bugs


Filing bugs under appropriate category and fallow them

Project Name: Business Development System
Employer: Cybage Software Pvt. Ltd.Pune
Client: Cybage Software Pvt.Ltd.Pune
Technologies:  C#, Visual Studio Team foundation Server 2010-Professional
Operating Systems: windows 2008
Domain: Master Data Management
Database: SQL server 2008
Other Tools: NA

Project Description:
We can create two types of customer Actual Customer & Potential Customer.
Actual Customers:Already started business with organization. there is a need of           approval in case of Actual Customer.
Potential Customer(P_Customer):They are in pipeline.still discussion is going on. 
We can convert potential customer into actual customer.
Customer Creation:	

There is a workflow in case of Customer Creation.
Customer creation rights with BD user i.e marketing User which is mahesh on QA server & kavitad(stage server)
Customer Approval rights with Kavitad(QA) & smitabe(Stage)
Customer Owner Assignment rights with CXO i.e Skushwaha & superadmin
Account Creation Rights with CO/VP,Superadmin & Account Manager(No workflow)
Project Creation rights with AM,CO/VP,Superadmin,DM,PM(workflow)
Project Approval Rights with PMO user i.e sunilp
Approach is Top to Bottom
Rights for each user.
Superadmin--->Customer Owner(CO/VP)-->Account Manager(AM)-->Delivery Manager(DM)-->Project Manager(PM)


Customer Closure:

Customer Closure Rights with Superadmin,CO/VP etc.
CO and super-admin can close the customer.
Request will be approved by finance team first
Request will send to legal team for approval.
Super-admin can re-open the closed customer
Account Closure rights with Superadmin,CO/VP ,AM etc.
Project Closure rights with Superadmin, CO/VP ,AM, DM,PM etc.
Project will get closed without any workflow if there is no billable resources under it then it is called as light weight.
Approach is Bottom to up.
if billable resources are there under the project then there is a workflow.
First have to release the billable resources under the project.
If there is any active project under any account then we have to first close the project then only we can close the account. If there is no project under any account 
then we can directly close the account.
If any account or project is active under that customer, customer can’t be closed.
For Project Closure there is a workflow from finance, IS, Network DEPT, Security,PMO,IS,Process team etc.

POC(Point Of Contact):
In order to maintain the customer, Account & project Level information we create POC. 
For POC creation at customer level rights with PRM, CDM, Superadmin, CO/VP
If any contact is not associated with any customer then prospect is there otherwise POC will get created
For POC creation at Account level rights with AM, Superadmin CO/VP.We can assign customer level POC to Account Level by clicking On checkbox. & vice versa from Master POC page.
For POC creation at Project level rights with AM,DM,PM Superadmin CO/VP.We can assign customer level & Account level POC to Project Level by clicking On checkbox. & vice versa from Master POC page.
For Every POC we can add activities i.e activity log.
It is editable & visible to only limited user depending on their roles
MASTER POC



TRAININGS ATTENDED

Completed DST (Diploma in Software Testing) from Mind Script Infotech Ltd. Pune.
Course Contents:
Manual Testing
Automation Testing

EDUCATION

B.E. in Computer Science and Technology, Kolhapur in 2010 with 67.21% marks, First Class with Distinction.
Diploma (IT) with 67.56% from Government Polytechnic Kolhapur, with First Class.
HSC with 65.17% from Maharashtra State Board, Kolhapur, with First Class.
S.S.C. With 78.80% from Maharashtra State Board Kolhapur, with First Class.
CDAC with 57.26% from Infoway Pune, Maharashtra
PERSONAL PROFILE
Date of Birth			:  17/05/1988
Sex				:  female
Marital Status			:  Single
Languages			:  Marathi, Hindi, English
Hobbies			:  Listening to music, cooking, dancing.
Permanent Address		:  A/P: Kololi, Tal: Panhala, Dist: Kolhapur,
   State: Maharashtra, Pin: 416230.
Contact Phone No		:  91-7387516559.

Date:
Place: PUNE                                                                       
DHANASHRI PRAKASH CHAVAN
