






    ABA AZIZ 
     Address               : New Ashok Nagar, Delhi 
     Passport no         : J2431672  
     Email                   : 
     Skype user-id     : abaaziz786
     Contact no:         +91-8287929462

                                                                            
                                                                                                                      
    
 Post Applied: – Electrical Engineer / Site Supervisor
                           Having 6 years experience


         
                                                    

PROJECT HANDLED:	
	
 START CEMENT PLANT, CMCL GROUP
        Client              : HOLTECH
        Place               : SONAPUR, GUWAHATI, ASSAM (Client Location)
        Environment   : Electrical Control Panel, COMPACT LOGIX1756-L73, SMART RELAY 193-EC3
        Role                 : Project Engineer (Electrical Engineer)

Responsibility: 
Supervision of all electrical work like implement, maintains, and improves electrical Hardware, Equipment, & systems for commercial and industrial.
Installation of Cable Trays and raceways, cable pulling, cable laying, insulation and continuity test cable for both power and control cables, installation of lighting fixtures, installation of conduits, termination of cable to specified equipments.
Ensure that all material arriving at site meets company’s specifications and quantities as per packing list.
Operate computer-assisted engineering and design software and equipment to perform engineering tasks. 
Going through the scope of work and investigating on site as per drawing.
Provide engineering support to construction and procurement depts.
Responsible for the progress of the project should be completed successfully.
Provide technical specification for project work outside main contractor’s scope of work.
Participate in sub-contract management, assisting resolution of technical queries by main contractors for various projects.
Involve in the meeting with comments regarding the projects/works.
Network establishment on Ethernet with smart relay on network Logic development for each relay and taking each relay on network. Communication through ETAP between Ethernet & optical fibre
 
NEELKANTHA ELECTROMECH (P) LTD 

Company profile:

This Private Limited Company having expertise in HV/EHV Tower Lines, HV/EHV Switchyards, and Electrification work of Industrial Plants, Area and Street Lighting. These services are ideally used by reputed industries in Engineering, Automobile, Chemical, Pharmaceutical, Petrol, Paper, Plastic steel and Surgical along with various Town Ships, Complexes and Premises, Malls and Hotels 
                                   Designation : Electrical Site Engineer
                                   Period          : May/2010 to Dec/2011

                  Job Profile: 
As an Electrical Engineer my role was to commisioning  of the system with site acceptance test (SAT) and designing, developing, installing, managing and/or maintaining electrical equipment Testing, maintaining and modifying existing systems analyzing data and presenting findings in Written reports managing operations working collaboratively with design Engineers, operation Engineers project management within cost and time.
Troubleshooting and problem-solving
Understanding and ensuring compliance with the health and safety regulations & quality
Providing advice and consultancy support
Writing computer software and test procedures
Posses excelent command over verbal and written communications.
Highly skilled in implementing, designing and supporting microrocessor based Smart Relays




PROJECT HANDLED:	
	
               THERMOTECH SYNERGY (PVT.) LTD.
        Client              : Bhushan steel Ltd
        Place               : Dhenkanal Orissa (Client Location)
        Role                 : Electrical site Engineer

Responsibility: 
Supervision of all electrical work like implement, maintains, and improves electrical Hardware, Equipment, & systems for commercial and industrial.
Installation of Cable Trays and raceways, cable pulling, cable laying, insulation and continuity test cable for both power and control cables, installation of lighting fixtures, installation of conduits, termination of cable to specified equipments.
Ensure that all material arriving at site meets company’s specifications and quantities as per packing list.
Operate computer-assisted engineering and design software and equipment to perform engineering tasks. 
Going through the scope of work and investigating on site as per drawing.
Provide engineering support to construction and procurement depts.
Responsible for the progress of the project should be completed successfully.
Provide technical specification for project work outside main contractor’s scope of work.
Participate in sub-contract management, assisting resolution of technical queries by main contractors for various projects.
Involve in the meeting with comments regarding the projects/works.
Network establishment on Ethernet with smart relay on network Logic development for each relay and taking each relay on network. Communication through ETAP between Ethernet & optical fibre

S.K. Electronics (P) LTD 
                                   Designation : Electrical Technician   
                                   Period          : August/2001 to December/2003


Job Profile: 
                    
Assemble, install, test, and maintain electrical or electronic wiring, equipment, appliances, apparatus, and fixtures, using hand tools and power tools
Diagnose malfunctioning systems, apparatus, and components, using test equipment and hand tools, to locate the cause of a breakdown and correct the problem
Connect wires to circuit breakers, transformers, or other components
Inspect electrical systems, equipment, and components to identify hazards, defects, and the need for adjustment or repair, and to ensure compliance with codes
Advise management on whether continued operation of equipment could be hazardous
Test electrical systems and continuity of circuits in electrical wiring, equipment, and fixtures, using testing devices such as ohmmeters, voltmeters and Digital-meter to ensure compatibility and safety of system
Plan layout and installation of electrical wiring, equipment and fixtures, based on job specifications
 Install, maintain, or repair electrical wiring, equipment, and fixtures
Prepare sketches or follow blueprints to determine the location of wiring and equipment and to ensure conformance to building and safety codes
Use a variety of tools and equipment such as power construction equipment, measuring devices, power tools, and testing equipment including ammeters, and test lamps
Install ground leads and connect power cables to equipment, such as motors
Perform business management duties such as maintaining records and files, preparing reports and ordering supplies and equipment
Repair or replace wiring, equipment, and fixtures, using hand tools and power tools
Work from ladders, scaffolds, and roofs to install, maintain or repair electrical wiring
Place conduit (pipes or tubing) inside designated partitions, walls, or other concealed areas, and pull insulated wires or cables through the conduit to complete circuits between boxes
Construct and fabricate parts, using hand tools and specifications
Fasten small metal or plastic boxes to walls to house electrical switches or outlets
Perform physically demanding tasks, such as digging trenches to lay conduit and moving and lifting heavy objects.
Provide preliminary sketches and cost estimates for materials and services



Motors Starters (Control Circuits / Power Circuits):  
Induction Motors, Star Delta Starters, DOL Starters, Reversing DOL starters, Remote DOL Starter, Interlocking circuits, Panel Wiring, Relays, Contactors, Thermal overload relays

Drive: VFD Principle of operation and applications, Hand on hard Wiring, Operation and program 
                            Parameters by keypad mode, remote mode (start stop, potentiometer), Controlling through PLC,  
                         Communication with PLC and SCADA

PLCs / DCS systems: 

Allen Bradley: Micrologix1000, Micrologix1100, Micrologix1200, Micrologix1400, Micrologix1500, Compact Logix, Control Logix, SLC 05/03, Wiring & Troubleshooting
Siemens-AG: 
            Step7-200: CPU-221, CPU-222, CPU-224, CPU-224-XP, CPU-226
            Step7-300: CPU 313C-2DP, CPU 314-DP, Wiring & Troubleshooting
MITSUBISHI:  MELSEC-FX Series (FX0N, FX1N, FX2N), Wiring & Troubleshooting
Programming Language (PLC) : Ladder Logic Development, Functional Block diagram
Programming Software (PLC & HMI)  : 

Allen Bradley:  RSlogix500, RSlogix5000, Panel Buider32, RSlinx
Siemens-AG  :  Microwin, Sematic Manager, TIA
Mitsubishi     :  GX-Developer
SCADA Software: Wonderware (Intouch), RS View 32, Wincc sematic Applications & Development.

HMI : Creating Applications, Downloading / Uploading Programs, Security in HMI, and PLC, HMI  
                     And SCADA communication

Networking: Net AIC, RS232, RS485, RS422, PROFIBUS, Ethernet, MODBUS, CONTROLNET

Software Skill        : Basic knowledge in MATLAB, MS-Office, expected multiple software

Language Skill       : Basic Knowledge in C, HTML

Operating Sytem   : Linux Red Hat Enterprises, Windows XP/VISTA/7/8








Project title:     Automated Car Parking System
Project title:     Bottle filling process
Project title:     Batch mixing process
Project title:     Lift management system








B.Tech degree in Electronics and Communication engineering from seemanta engieering college, Mayurbhanj under Biju Patnaik University and Technology, Rourkela, Orissa

10+2 from Bihar board  

Electrical and Electronics Training (ITI)



Internet Surfing
Playing Chess, Carom, and video games
Listening music


Nationality			        :  Indian

Date of Birth	            :  22/February/1987

Marital Status               :  Single

Passport                      :  J2431672

Languages Known         :  English, Hindi, and Urdu (Read, Write and Speak), Arabic (Read), Oriya (speak)

Father’s Name              : Abdul Aziz

Permanent Address        :  Sarai, Bhagalpur,
		                   Bihar-812002
Declaration:


I hereby declare that all the above information is correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.


Place: Delhi


Date:			                                                                                (ABA AZIZ)