
BASHIRUDDIN
Contact: +234-8155960672 (Nigeria), +91-9958321196 (India)
E-mail:  

SERVICE, MAINTENANCE & COMMISSIONING PROFESSIONAL - MECHANICAL
Seeking assignments with growth-oriented across the industry

PROFILE

Competent and result-oriented  Mechanical Engineer with an experience of 7 years across Mechanical Maintenance, Service Support, Assembly, Commissioning & Installation of Electrical Panels, Diesel/Gas Generators, Engines And Technical Troubleshooting.
Currently spearheading as Sr. Engineer with M/S AARTI STEEL NIGERIA LTD., Lagos, Nigeria; experience in fault finding and implementing technically feasible solution, thereby reducing complaints.
Demonstrated capabilities in implementing preventive, predictive, and planned maintenance practices to maximize operational availability of machines; experience in new product development support.
Effective resource planning/ optimization, focusing on waste reduction, enhancing productivity and profitability. Inbuilt ability to use sound judgment, decision-making skills & effectively perform in a self-directed environment.
Focused and hard working with well-honed management skills and proven ability to motivate professionals to maximize levels of productivity. 

Core Competencies:

Mechanical Engineering  Maintenance / Spares Management  Plant Operation / Maintenance  Machine (Erection & Commissioning)  Breakdown Solutions  Manufacturing & Process Engineering Strategic Planning  Material Management  Cross Functional Coordination  Productivity Enhancement  Team Management / Manpower Planning  Quality Initiatives  Safety  Cross-functional Coordination

Key Area of Technical Expertise:

Experience in Customer support of Diesel & Gas generators and engines.
Experience in Testing and assembly of Diesel & Gas Generators, Engines  and control panels from 7.5 KVA to 3000 KVA, etc
Experience in testing and preparing test plan for Electrical components; skilled in development, trouble shooting, installation and commissioning of Diesel and Gas Generators
Well Experienced in customer handling and recognized for improving the first time right ratio at in plant testing and at customer end. 
Experience in handling parts related issues and complaints related to charging alternators and fuel pumps.
Experience in LT/MV Installation, testing and commissioning; experience in Engine harness and engine protection systems.


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

M/S AARTI STEEL NIGERIA LTD., Lagos, (Nigeria)					August 2013 – till date

(A Unit of BHUSHAN POWER & STEEL)

Sr. Engineer

Working as Sr. Engineer; managing the overall responsibilities related to Utility, including service and maintenance of Generators, Compressors and Boilers.
Responsible for maintenance activities; analyzing various failures and taking corrective and preventive action. 
Giving guidance to the technicians for machine troubleshooting; planning preventive maintenance schedule of the machines on routine basis.
Keeping good relationship with vendors & suppliers in matter of purchasing spare parts.
Making the projects cost-effective by lowering the cost of the products, as well as machine installation cost and handling the procurement of materials.
Responsible for machine modification to reduce breakdown, Production cost, Manpower & Electrical Power & to increase productivity; looking after Machine Preventive Maintenance Schedule, Planning & control.


M/S JAKSON LIMITED, Noida (India)							April 2011 – August 2013

(Channel Partner of Cummins India Ltd.)

Commissioning Engineer (HHP, PSB Division)

Handled installation, commissioning, synchronization, maintenance, repair, troubleshooting, failure analysis and testing of Diesel & Gas Generators, Power Command Controls (PCC), Electrical panels including LT Panels, etc.; conducted analysis of various failures and taking corrective and preventive action.
Monitored day-to-day activities at site and coordinated with office staff, suppliers and clients; visited clients and discussed their requirements.
Developed customer needs-assessments and enhance customer retention by visiting and consulting with existing clients.
Organizing, monitoring and reviewing the progress of project against the baseline plan and timely submitting the progress project progress report.
Carried out the inspection of the incoming material as per specification and supply order form.
Trained Colleagues on product handling and making them aware of do’s and don’ts while assembling various components on engines.  Provided training to customers in servicing and equipment maintaining.
Worked as Commissioning Engineer at Jakson Ltd. for new product development support and Service Support for existing product.

       Foreign Projects:
Commissioning & synchronization of 2×1500 KVA DG SET with auto load management panel in M/S Surface Investment Pvt. Ltd., Harare, Zimbabwe.
Commissioning & synchronization of 2×2000 KVA DG SET with auto load management panel in M/S Aarti Steel Plc, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Commissioning & synchronization of 1×2000 KVA Diesel Generator and 1x1460 KVA Gas Generator with auto load management panel in M/S Aarti Steel Nigeria Ltd., Lagos, Nigeria.

       Other Trunkey Projects:
Commissioning & synchronization of 2×2250 KVA DG SET (HT 6.6KV) & 7x 1250 KVA DG SET (LT 415 V) with auto load management panel in M/S JP Cement Ltd. Dachepalli, Andhra Pradesh (India)
Commissioning & synchronization of 6x1250 KVA DG SET at Ranchi Airport, Jharkhand (India).
Commissioning & synchronization of 4x415 KW GAS GEN SET at Taj Express Way, Uttar Pradesh, (India)


M/S OVN TRADING ENGINEERS PVT. LTD., Delhi                                        		September 2008 – March 2011
 
(Authorized Service Dealer of Cummins)

Service Engineer (Mechanical / Electrical)

Working as Service Engineer; managing the overall responsibilities related to servicing, including visiting clients and discussing their requirements.
Monitoring the day-to-day activities at site and coordinating with our office staff, Engineers and clients.
Responsible for new product development support and Service Support for existing product; Accountable for Business Growth.
Providing Training to colleagues on product handling and making them aware of do’s and don’ts while assembling various components on engines; imparting training to customers in servicing and equipment maintaining.
Responsible for maintenance activities; analyzing various failures and taking corrective and preventive action. 
Keeping good relationship with vendors & suppliers in matter of purchasing spare parts.
Organizing, monitoring and reviewing the progress of project against the baseline plan and timely submitting the progress project progress report.
Achievements:
Improved the response time to customer complaints and in turn improved customer satisfaction
Improved the Sub Contract Quality and Reduced the Rejection at customer side while working in OVN Trading Engineers Pvt. Ltd.


EDUCATIONAL & PROFESSIONAL CREDENTIALS

B.Tech in Mechanical Engineering, 2012
From JRN Rajasthan Vidyapeeth University

Diploma in Mechanical Engineering, 2008
From JRN Rajasthan Vidyapeeth University

Intermediate from U.P. Board

Matriculation from C.B.S.E. Board
    
Computer skills: Windows, MS-Office (Word & Excel) and Internet Application

Trainings Undertaken:

Training on Diesel and Gas Engines from M/s CUMMINS SALES & SERVICE, PUNE. (Training ID 15187082HAC) 

Training on PCC & Other Controllers from M/s CUMMINS SALES & SERVICE, PUNE & GURGAON.

Training on Main Alternator from M/s CUMMINS GENERATOR TECHNOLOGY, AHMEDNAGAR.


Passport Number           J4760348
Date of Birth: 		10th April 1988

Permanent Address: 	Block-I, 12/1088, Sangam Vihar, New Delhi,
State- Delhi (India), Pin – 110062
