PRAVEEN KUMAR  
“Mathrakrupa”
Nandanvan-Naikankatte (PO)
TQ: Kundapur, DI: Udupi, Karnatak-India-576219
    00974-66928054,    00918254-256076  

Skype : praveenkumarganiga 

MECHANICAL ENGINEER
Seeking a challenging career in the quality environment where my technical skills and qualifications as a Mechanical Engineer can be shared and enriched and make a significant contribution to organization with strong work ethics and diligence.
PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS
Accomplished, Credentialed Engineering Professional with almost 3 years of progressive roles in   MEP Construction,   Production and Quality Depts.
Knowledge of installation of plumbing pipes like water supply system and sewerage system with sander
Skilled in MEP work in Site construction, Production, Planning, overseeing product quality and maintenance requirement.
Results-oriented professional with a strong work ethic who takes initiative, identifies problems, and offers creative solutions for implementation.
A good team member ability to work in a team and individual environment.
A has strong expertise in Administration and supervision (Technical).
Flexible and able to work under pressure.
Patient, friendly and employ diplomacy.
Professional Development
Mechanical (MEP-Coordinator) Site Engineer at Hotels & Resort Construction (Pvt).Ltd. Maldives, since Jun-2012 till date.

  PROJECT INVOLVED: Anantara Doha Island Resort Doha-Qatar
Anantara Doha Island Resort & Spa is to be located 20 minutes by boat from Doha International Airport.
141 rooms, suites, pool villas and over water villas, as well as four swimming pools, four unique dining options, an Anantara spa and fitness centre, water sports, a nine hole putting golf course, cinema, children’s club, activities’ pool and dedicated family beach.
Nature of duties /Responsibility: 
Responsible for the coordination of all MEP activities (Mechanical, Electrical, Water, Plumbing, Drainage) with their program schedule for proper flow of work on site which concerns the structural and architectural services.
Plumbing works, including potable water supply & Sewerage piping network.

Pump Rooms & Hydro pneumatic Pumping System for Plumbing Installations.

Sanitary Installations & Fit out.

Electrical Installations for Pump Rooms.

Familiar with AutoCAD Design Soft wear.

Internal Soil, Waste, Vent, Drainage System, & External Sewerage & Storm Water Drainage System, 

Water Treatment Plants i.e. Filtration / Softening Plants, RO Systems, & STP.

Responsible for compiling the drawings and coordinating the information from MEP contractors.
Confirms the installation of all work within discipline is in accordance with the plans, specifications, and industry standards.
Garden Irrigation System & Fountains.
I am able to quickly analyze survey reports, maps, drawings, blueprints, aerial photography, and other topographical or geologic data to plan projects
The contract scope includes supply and installation of complete piping for FCU’s, VRV’s and ducting to the existing Base Building
Coordinate other issues with our Site Construction Manager, Technical Engineer, Document Controller, QA/QC, QS and Procurement.
Prepares and conducts (partly) MEP Weekly Progress Meeting with the Subcontractors.
Attends Consultant’s Technical Meeting with our PM, SCM, Co-staff and Subcontractors.
I am able to communicate effectively with colleagues and architects, subcontractors, contracting civil engineers, consultants, co-workers and clients.

Assists construction personnel with general technical details.
Production Engineer at Suzlon Energy Ltd., Mangalore, Karnataka since Dec-2010-Jun2012
  

Handled the production, planning, & control of all activities in the main mould & finishing departments in the Rotor Blade Unit.
Handled a team of 220 associates along with a team of 1 Manager, 1 Senior Engineer and 4 Engineers.
Handled process improvement, concentrating on safety systems & building Cross Functional teams
Responsible for conduction and maintain audits and ISO 9001 and OSHAS standards in the department 
   Played a key role in analyzing actual consumption against the Bill of material and Finalized  BOM by calculating variance
Coordinating with all the production sub departments for their regular activities. 
Plan the procurement of materials/services required for production and coordinate with store. maintenance and purchase departments to ensure the smooth functioning of supply chain.
Must develop and introduce methods to increase productivity at the production line.
Preserving discipline according to safety rules.
Timely reporting to senior production manager about execution of plans and records maintained for effective production
Supported testing team for quality assurance.

Achievements:	
Reduction of Production cycle time by 40%
Reduction in cycle time of RE45 Blade “lay-up” process from 12.5hrs to 7.5hrs 
Met all quality standards to achieve the aim of zero defects in Rotor blades
Material wastage analysis and sequent, reduction in BOM material consumption
Instrumental in achieving GL Workshop Approval and DNV certification for the organization
Jun - Dec 2010 with Geneva Industries Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore as Trainee Engineer – Quality Assurance
 

Responsibilities

New supplier assessments and incoming material QA inspecting
Analyzing monthly rejection by preparing monthly Vendor Quality Rating (VQR) for supplied and sub-contractor.
Rework & rejection analysis for supplier parts & taking corrective action on monthly basis

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION
Bachelor of Engineering (Mechanical), 2006-2010
Visveshwarayya technological university (V.T.U) – 65.56%
ACADEMIC PROJECT DETAILS
Project on “MATERIAL FLOW VISUALIZATION IN FRICTION STIR WELDING OF DISSIMILAR METALS”.

Description of project:
     Its decides the quality of final weld.  It controls the inter-mixing of the metals being welded and the formation of new constituents which changes the weld properties.

PERSONAL PROFILE
Date of Birth                    : 30-07-1988	
Nationality                       : Indian 
       Languages Known         : Kannada, English, Hindi, and Tulu
Passport No                    : H677998 (Valid till: Aug 2019)
       Visa Status                        : Work Visa –Qatar 
      Computer Proficiency    : Auto Cad, M S Word, Power Point, Basics concepts of C Programming, Solid Edge, 
                                              ANSYS (CAD/CAM)     			
REFERENCES
References can be provided on request.                                                                                                                                            
Place: Qatar-Doha                                                                                                             	Regards,           			Date                                                                                                    		(Praveen Kumar)