CURRICULUM VITAE
NAME: RAKESH KUMAR CHAUDHARY
E- MAIL: rakeshkumar.gkp@gmail.com
MOBILE: +91 9616191206


To work an organization where is exclusive environment, health competition and ample prospects of professional growth. Where I am exposed to all types of work fields, can enhance my knowledge and broaden my experience to maximum. In short I just want to be the active part of development.

Graduate
Computer Diploma in Capital Computer Education (Hardwar, Networking & MS Office)

Company Name     	: ANGEL BROKING LTD
Job Designation     	: Backoffice Executive
Job Duration     	: July 2007 – April 2008
 Company Name     	: GLOBE CAPITAL MARKET LTD
Job Designation     	: Backoffice Executive
Job Duration     	: 12 July 2008 – 31 May 2010
Company Name     	: KAYNET CAPITAL LTD
Job Designation     	: Backoffice Executive
Job Duration     	: 15 October 2010 – 28 February 2015



Verification of Trading & DP form. Punching of trading & DP accounts details. Ensuring minimum error and due compliance norms are followed in KYC department. To check the KYC forms and handle the queries related to KYC. Scrutiny and Verifying documents as per Requirements. Make entry for all incoming application forms. Data entry in Back Office software. Authorization of entered data in the software. Coordination with the branches related to rejection of forms. computer format and software installation. I work all the time.
Office of the work done and other officers. Computer to fix a simple problem. The software to do all the work associated with Odin. Computer to format.

To download the software. All type of software to install. See all customers positions. Understading the company’s software. Computer networking.
Filling the KYC forms. Costomers signature on the form to be. Documents relating to the form to the right. To form courier. After opening the account of the customer to report.
The cheque receive from customer. The cheque store in company software. The cheque deposit in the Bank. 
The simple failure to fix a customer’s computer. In the customer’s computer to install the software. Tell the customer about the compaly and the software to drive it.
Provide accurate information relating to the customer’s account. Removal of customer comtract note. Contract notes explain about the customer.
Work related to the RMS. See open position limit.


English, Hindi


 Name 		:  Rakesh Kumar Chaudhary
Father Name	:  Ram Singhasan Chaudhary
Mother Name	:  Usha Devi
Date of Birth	:  18/07/1989
Marital Status 	:  Married
Sex            	:  Male
Nationality 	:  Indian
Address     	: Home No.439E Chaksa Husain Pachperwa Gorakhnath Gorakhpur  


I hereby assure that the above given information are true to the best of my knowledge and brief.
Place: Gorakhpur       								Yours Faithfully
Date: 										
                                                                                               (RAKESH KUMAR CHAUDHARY)