
                                   RESUME

PARTHIBAN RAJENDRAN

 #132, Kudi Street,
Olappalayam (P.O),   P.Velur(T.K),
                             Namakkal (D.T)-638182,
                                Tamilnadu, India.


Email: rparthiban.eie@gmail.com
Phone: +91-9629128040.
Skype id: effect.parthiban



OBJECTIVE

               Seeking a position to learn and utilize my skills and
abilities in the organization, willing to take more responsibilities.
Looking for a challenging and demanding job in power/oil and gas industries
as Instrumentation engineer that will further enhance my knowledge and
skills.

EDUCATION

   . Bachelor of Engineering (BE) in Electronics and Instrumentation
     engineering,        Kumaraguru college of technology ,Coimbatore,
     Affiliated to Anna University Chennai,
     First class with-65%.
     Duration        : (2006-2010)


   . Class XII  : 85 %(2006).

   . Class X     : 84 %(2004).



SKILLS

Technical Tools  :      DCS-Yokogawa CS 3000&1000.

                        PLC-Siemens simatic S7-200,Allen Bradley micro
logics 5000.

                        Turbine vibration monitoring system-Bently nevada
3500.

                        Turbine governor-Woodward governor 505E.

                        SIS-Prosafe RS

Operating System :     Windows XP SP3/vista/7,Linux.

Application Software   :     MS Word, MS Excel, MS Power point.

Protocol         :     Foundation field bus, profibus DP&PA, modbus,
      Ethernet (TCP/IP),

                       HART communicator.





EXPERIENCE

      Organization     :     SASL(Power division), tamilnadu.

      Designation :    Instrument and control system engineer.

      Period           :     June 2010 to present.

      Infrastructure   :     240 MW power plant.




NATURE OF JOB

    . Involved in DCS installation and commissioning.

    . Development of system architecture, functional specification, I/O list
      and block logic diagram.

    . Implementing the I/O list and BLD to programming level.

    . Simulating the logic for sequence checking with real hardware.

    . Establishing network between workstation PCs using Ethernet protocol

    . Exposure in programming languages IL,LD,ST,FBD and SFC as IEC 61131-3
      standard.

    . Creating & Dynamising Graphics from P&I diagram.

    . Having knowledge in industrial networks Foundation field bus,
      profibus, modbus and Ethernet, (TCP/IP).



    . Having creative skills to develop SCADA graphics.

    . Involved in signal loop checking by observing DCS I/O list and
      electrical drawing sheet.

    . Commissioning of control valves and calibration of control valves
      (MIL, FISHER, IL),

    . Control room panel installation and cable termination.

    . Experience in preparation/review of all types of field instruments
      ,cable schedule, instrument data sheet ,Hook up diagrams, P&ID
      diagram, loop diagram.

    . Conducting factory acceptance test.

    . Having experience in Installation and commissioning of pressure,
      temperature, flow and level transmitters (ABB, Yokogawa, Siemens,
      Honeywell, Fuji).

    . Installation and functional checking of magnetic flow meter (ABB,
      Endress & hauser).

    . Working with HART communicator.

    . Troubleshooting experience in turbine local and panel governing
      system.

    . Involved in turbine instrument temperature and vibration probe
      installation and functional checking.

    . Troubleshooting experience of turbine vibration monitoring system,
      "Bently Nevada 3500".

    . Having experience in ash handling system (ESP).

    . Having experience in troubleshooting of motorized valve.

    . Installation and troubleshooting experience in lab analysers, oxygen
      analyser and SPM analyser.

    . Having good analytical skills, problem solving skills and good
      communication skills.




PERSONAL DETAILS

      Name             :     R.PARTHIBAN

      D.O.B            :     25.05.1989

      Languages Known  :     Tamil, English (Read, write, speak)

      Marital status         :     Single.

      Sex              :     Male.

      Age              :     26 years.

      Passport No      :     J8583089, Valid up to 09.09.2022.




DECLARATION

                  I hereby declare that the above furnished details are
true to the best of my knowledge.



Place:

Date:
(R.PARTHIBAN)

