ABHILASH CHOUDHARY                                   
 I-BLOCK H.NO-432, JAHANGIR PURI
 NEW DELHI, Pin – 110033
 Mobile: +91 9971507470
 Email ID: - abhilashchoudhary54@gmail.com

CAREER OBJECTIVE
Quest to work in a professional environment, which will enable me to develop my potentiality and efficiency, also to meet the challenges and excel in the field, where I can fully utilize my skills and knowledge.
To nurture a strong enduring relationship with my Company’s clients and other business associates.
To explore and utilize my skills and ability to handle multiple tasks and taking on new challenges.

CAREER HIGHLIGHTS:
05 years experience in Administration & Hr on Facilities Management and Security(Operations) 
Managing the flow of information through the organization.
Strong Troubleshooting and problem solving skills.
Fast Learner.

WORK HISTORY:
Currently Working as Admin&Compliance Executive at Agile Security Force & Systems Pvt Ltd. at Mahipal Pur Extn New Delhi. Client name is Axis Banks, NSCI, United Helth Group, Mahindra Logistics, BJN Hotels, and Pvr’s Cinema etc.
Period: (08–Dec-’14 to Till Date)

Worked as Admin & HR Executive at AS Facilitators Pvt.Ltd. at Vikaspuri.
Client name is Rockland Hospitals, Rockland Hotels, Snap deal, kalara hospitals, BENTLEY (Exclusive Motors) & Jaypore etc.
Period: (28 –July-’12 to 07-Dec-14)

Worked as Admin & HR Executive in BLUEDART Company in Delhi.  
Period: - (1-May-2010 to 28-June-12) 


Currently working as  Admin&Compliance Executive:
Maintaining Housekeeping consumption record for sites. 
Submit the MOD report of site to Boss and Clients.
Handling the Daily Issue with the Clients.
Preparation & sending attendance to HO by 30th or 31st.
Checking the monthly attendance sheet of site for salary process.
Vacuum machine update on daily basis.
Joining formalities for employees.
Pre-joining formalities for employees.
Transfer & Exit formalities.
Checking & processing reimbursement vouchers.
Training attendance & feedback.
New Joiners salary a/c opening.
Processing vendor bills and follow up.
Leave card updation.
Processing salary invoices.
Vendor Management
Maintaining paper consumption record.
Passing the Invoice for Payment.
Bill Pass Authority.
Prepare Monthly Management Report.
Handling asset management & proper material movement.
Managing repair, maintenance & replacement of office equipments, appliances, furniture, furnishings, vehicles, building, etc.
Maintaining MIS & trackers to ensure cost effective services.
Directing, coordinating and planning essential central services such as reception, security, maintenance, mail, archiving, cleaning, catering, waste disposal and recycling.
Checking that agreed work by staff or contractors has been completed satisfactorily and following up on any deficiencies.
Using performance management techniques to monitor and demonstrate achievement of agreed Service levels and to lead on improvement.
Esponding appropriately to emergencies or urgent issues as they arise and dealing with the Consequences.
Budgeting and cost control measures, Monitoring Budget Vis a vis variance.
Liasioning and coordinating with various departments within the corporate office and all branch offices. 
Responsible for statutory work like Labour license and other licenses.
Managing internal & external Safety & Security, Information Security, Statutory compliance & other Client audits.

QUALIFICATION:
 
 10th Passed from C.B.S.E Board
 12th Passed from C.B.S.E Board
 Graduate with stream (B.com.) from Delhi University.

SKILL SETS:
MS Excel, MS Word & MS PowerPoint.

 
PERSONAL INFORMATION:

Father’s Name     	:	Mr. kamal Singh
Mothers Name	:	Mrs. Rajkumari
Date of Birth  	:	08/03/1991	
Language Known	:	English, Hindi 
Marital Status     	:	Single
Citizen	         		:	Indian

Personal skills and competencies: 

Quick learner and can easily adapt to new and changing situations.
Quickly establish and maintain effective report with individuals of diverse backgrounds.
Self-motivated achiever with an established reputation for reliability, hard work, commitment, teamwork and flexibility.

 Hobbies: 

Singing
Listening to Music.
AVOWAL
  
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.



                                                                          Regards,

Place   :  New Delhi       
Date    :  		                                             ABHILASH CHOUDHARY