
                              Curriculum Vitae

KUNDAN GUPTA
H.No.- RZ F-1/235 Street No-2,
Palam Dabri Main Rood Mahaver Enclave,
              New Delhi -110045, INDIA
Mobile No.: +91-9582635484
         Email. ID:kundan1291@gmail.com

Career Objective


I am commerce graduate and working as Facility Incharge in  reputed  company
in  New  Delhi.  I  have  five  years  experience  Administration,  Building
Services, Operation & Maintenance, Facility Management, I  am  seeking  long
term employment in an organization  where  I  can  grow  professionally  and
further enhance my skills and knowledge.

Educational Qualification
    . Graduation       :     2012, B.com (Gorakhpur University U.P.)
    . Intermediate           :     2009, U.P. Board.
    . High School      :     2007, U.P. Board.
    . MBA                         :          2015, SMU

Professional Qualification

    . Diploma in Computer Application from "Nimacet Institute from
      Gorakhpur" in 2010.
    . Diploma in Administration and operation management.

Work Experience

 * Sr.Admin Executive:  Working in Manmachine  Work  Pvt.  Ltd.  New  Delhi,
   since July 2013.


      Key Responsibility Areas:  As a building engineer and performing  in
 close out team for operation, maintenance and final handover  to  client,
 and take care of machines, equipments, power supply,  water  systems  and
 lighting control system. We are also involved in condition monitoring and
 prepare O&M Manual, and other building related issue at site.

Responsibilities / Duties
    . Handling to all employee Attendance
    . Capable to maintain all important information in suitable formats.
    . Maintain Vander Monthly Billing of Vander Management,
    . Purchase Material and send details AM.
    . Handling to patty Cash, stationery
    . And all Civil work, carpenters Electrician work, and full's all
      Maintenance work Etc
    . To Update and Record all staff Documentation
    . Briefing all site staff.
    . Supervise all site staff.
    . Maintain stock & inventory.
    . Preparing Supervisor & Housekeeping Staff Roaster.
    . To ensure that the Grooming of Staff is as per the Standards.
    . To Update and Record all House Keeping & Security Documentation.
    . Coordination with Maintenance.
    . Maintaining Log Book, Daily &Weekly Work.
    . Maintaining 125KVA (DG FULE) Log Book.
    . Work as per the Standards.
    . Coordinating all administrations related activity for facility.
    . Handling to courier, transportation & AMC, Electrical bill, MTNL bill,
      Ext.
    . Handling to all Vehicle Insurance and Maintenance.
    . Handling to Dispatch and all sites distributing Material.




    * Admin Executive: worked in Updater Service Pvt. Ltd. (Facility
      Management), New Delhi, from July 2009 to May 2011.

   Responsibilities / Duties
    . Handling / Updating of Database on Regular Basics.
    . Create customers Data Base, Monthly Billing of customers handling
    . All problems of Secure Meters and issue prepaid electricity coupons.
    . Maintain monthly Stock Inventory Book and monitoring.
    . Staff Salary and handling Imprest amount for minor purchasing
    . Handling all Residents complain and request
    . Handle and control of technical team as Plumber, Electrician Carpenter
      Pinter, House Keeping, Gardener and Pantry boy and all Common area.
    . Manage Vander, supplier, quotation review and final negotiation.
    . Check all vender monthly billing
    . Purchasing consumable material for preventive maintenance work.
    . Handling to patty cash
    . Training and briefing staff on weekly basis.
    . Supervise and monitoring all staff.
    . Maintain stock & inventory.
    . Preparing Supervisor & Housekeeping Staff Roaster.
    . To ensure that the Grooming of Staff is as per the Standards.
    . To Update and Record all House Keeping Documentation.
    . Coordination with Maintenance.
    . Maintaining Log Book, Daily &Weekly Work.
    . Handling Costumer/Client complaints.
    . Work as per the Standards.
    . Coordinating all administrations related activity for facility.

    * Admin In Charge: Worked in Gautam Polymers (Solar Off-Grid Leader),
      New Delhi from May 2011 to August 2013.
                                           .
   Responsibilities / Duties
    . Manage and maintain office work, arrange meeting with clients and R&D
      Engineers.
    . Responsible for all office administrator related tasks.
    . Maintain proper documentation and records regarding all essential
      aspects of employee such as letter of appointment, certificates,
    . Handling to all employee Attendance and Salary processing
    . Capable to maintain all important information in suitable formats.
    . Maintained the R&D Department work Handling Housekeeping and Security
      all field boys Pinter, Pantry boy and past control all Common area.
    . Maintain Vander Monthly Billing of Vander Management,
    . Maintain Stock Material and handling to Dispatch.
    . Purchase Material work and Dally work send to (CEO) all work details
    . Handling to patty Cash, stationery, and ticket.
    . Manage technical issue and maintenance related work at office premises
      like civil work, carpenters Electrician work, and housekeeping,
      security Etc.
    . Handling to courier transportation & AMC, Electrical bill, phone bill,
      Ext.
    . To Update and Record all staff Documentation

KEY Skills

Building Maintenance                                       Housekeeping
Work                                Vehicle Insurance & Maintenance

Facility Management                             Security Personal
Procurement
Operation & Maintenance                                 Installation &
Repair                 Vendors Management

Reporting - Monthly, Weekly                          Courier,
transportation                           Distributing Material




Personal detail

Date of Birth                                          :  19-Dec-1991
Father's Name                                       :   Ashawni Gupta
Marital Status                                        :   Unmarried
Languages Known                                 :  Hindi, English
Nationality                                             :  Indian
Hobbies                                                  :  Listening
Music, Cricket


Place:
Date:
                                         (Kundan Gupta)

