                         CURRICULUM VITAE


RAJESH SHARMA					

Address: 
Mount Blue Enclave,
Nathuwala Raipur,
Dehradun - 248001
Mobile:  +91 - 7500277225
Email: rajsharmakillsme@gmail.com

Career Objective:

Intend to build a career with leading corporate of hi-tech environment with committed & dedicated people, which will help me to explore myself fully an realize my potential. Willing to work as a key player in challenging & creative environment.


Professional  Synopsis:


1 year Working Experience in BSNL Customer Service Center as Senior customer executive
6 months working experience in Max Hospital, Dehradun as a front office billng excecutive.
Currently working in Synergy Hospital & Institute of Medical sciences since last 2yrs as a IPD billing excecutive and Tpa billing cordinator.


 Roles and Responsibilities:


BSNL Customer Service Center

Handling a team of 15 members as a Team Leader.
Creating a roster of  Team members.
Effective Floor management.

Max Hospital 

Handling billing department of OPD.
Handling billing department of Radiology Department.
Creating Medical certificates of the patients .
Handling Billing department of Emergency Services

 Synergy Hospital
Handling billing department of IPD billing                
Handling the bill of Impanelled patient
TPA Query
And solve All the Query related billing department.         

                     

Technical Skills:


Basic Knowledge of  computer tools like MS Office, Internet, etc.
Proficient in BSNL Customer service software.
Proficient in Maxshell Billing software.




Qualification:

Pursued M. Com final year from Sri Dev Suman University, Tehri, Garhwal in the year 2014. 
Pursued B. Com from HNB Garhwal university, Dehradun in the year 2012.
Class XIIth from Sri Guru Ram Rai, CBSE Board, Dehradun in the year 2009.
Class Xth from Sri Guru Ram Rai, CBSE Board , Dehradun in the year 2007.



Personal Profile:

	Name				: Rajesh Sharma
	Father’s Name			: Mr Gopal Dutt Sharma
	Date of Birth  	  		:  8th April 1991
	Gender    			:  Male 
	Marital Status			: Unmarried
	Languages Known		: Hindi, English
	Strength			: Flexible, Enthusiastic, Team Worker, Eager to learn.			

Declaration:

	I hereby declare that all the statements made in the above Curriculum Vitae are correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.


 								
                                                                                                                       Yours Sincerely
 								                (Rajesh Sharma)