


                              CURRICULUM VITAE



ABDUL MALIK A.S.


                                                     10, Srinivasa Nagar,


                                                      Panankuppam,


                                                        Valavanur (P.O),



                                                       Villupuram (TK),


                                             Pin - 605 108.


                                             Tamil Nadu, India.


                                            E-mail : asa_malik@yahoo.com
                                                   Contact No :
+919894460184


OBJECTIVE



      To be part of a company, which would give me an opportunity to add
value, enhance my skills and climb the corporate ladder through dedication
and smart work, thereby updating my knowledge and experience.



PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

    . Having around 8 years of experience in administration (Office & Site
      administration, coordination, attendance management, inventory
      management, payroll, facilitation, MIS) and 6 years in back office and
      accounting.


    . Have the potential for an effective client support personnel.


    . Possess good interpersonal and communication skills.


EMPLOYMENT HISTORY


    . Working as Admin Executive in Subra Scientific Company, Pondicherry,
      India since November 2014.


    . Worked as Administrator in Al-Ayuni Investment & Contracting Co.,
      Saudi Arabia from October 2010 to August 2014.


    . Worked as Admin Coordinator & Computer Analyst in Qmax Systems,
      Chennai, India from August 2003 to July 2010.

    . Worked as Facilitator in Atlanta Soft Solutions, Chennai, India from
      April 2001 to June 2003.

    . Worked as Accounts Assistant cum Computer Operator in Rose Flower
      Company, Bangalore, India from August 1995 to November 2000.





EDUCATION

    . P.G.D.C.A ( Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Applications) with 74%
      of
       marks from Bharathidasan University, Trichy, India


    . B.B.A ( Bachelor of Business Administration) with 56% of marks from
               Bharathidasan University, Trichy, India.


TECHNICAL SKILLS


Operating System            : DOS, Windows Family


MS-Office              : Word, Excel, Access, Power Point


Web Designing Tools    : HTML, DHTML, Java Script


Hardware               : Adequate knowledge on installation and
troubleshooting

KEY ROLES HANDLED


    . Involved with all levels of employees to ensure the day today works
      going smoothly.
    . Handling and managing passports, Iqama (Work Permit), insurance, ATM
      card of employees and issues associated with them.
    . Acts as a coordinator between head office and employees, solving
      employee issues and head office requirements.
    . Reporting to head office with all the necessary reports on a weekly
      and monthly basis.
    . Actively involved in preparation of daily reports, vacation and
      transfer of employees.

    . Maintaining employee database which includes new appointments,
      vacation employees, transfer employees.

    . Visiting camp on a weekly basis and solving shelter problems of
      employees with the coordination of Camp Boss.

    . Setup procedures for timekeeping, overtime, travel and expenses
      submissions and approvals.

    . Coordinating with other departments such as production, sales and
      marketing, for production planning & collections and with vendors as
      needed.

    . Provides feedback to the management to enhance a better and cordial
      working environment.

    . Processing attendance register in system and cross  verification  with
      manual ledger.




    . Preparation and verification of salary, OT, allowances, deductions  in
      system.

    . Highlighting the problems encountered during salary process  in  every
      month.

    . Handled petty cash for day today expenses.

    . Arranging transportation, hotel booking, facilitating top management,
      clients and employees as well.
    . Prepared Sales, Bank, Cash, Purchase Day Books.

    . Maintenance of records, ledgers, purchase orders, quotations.
 . Verification and Validation of entries.
    . Net savvy, well versed in PC operations and other hardware.
    . Attended seminars of specialist which help in improve the thinking
      ability to solve different problems.
    . Project Work as part of the curriculum in P.G.D.C.A.


AWARDS & ACHIEVEMENTS



 . Received award from Al-Ayuni Investment & Contracting Co.,  Saudi  Arabia
   as best administrators sharing with other colleagues  for  the  excellent
   contribution of admin service rendered at site office.


PERSONAL DETAILS


Date of Birth               : 27 - 05 - 1973


Marital Status         : Married


Passport Number        : M7635491


Passport Expiry        : 24-03-2025


Languages Known        : English, Tamil, Hindi (Oral), Arabic (Oral)


Interest         : Playing and watching cricket, listening to music,
                 surfing net.


Expected Salary        : As per industry standard




Yours Sincerely,


ABDUL MALIK.A.S. [pic]
