
                                   RESUME


TIKURAM DAS

S/o, BALLAVA DAS
AT/PO: SIRIGIDA
VIA: SIRIGIDA
DIST: KEONJHAR
STATE: ORISSA
PIN CODE: 758076
Mobile No07667848678, E-Mail:  dastikuram@gmail.com

          Seeking career enhancement in operation and maintenance.

PROFESSIONAL  SYNOPSIS:  I.T.I  in  (Electrical)  with  over   THREE   year,
experience in a servicing unit and project.  Currently  with  Enercon  India
Ltd.  Has  vast  knowledge  to  lead  routine  operation   and   maintenance
activities  at  site,  trouble  shooting  problems  as   well   as   quality
improvement. Active involvement in various  activities  directly  associated
with increasing level of profitability.  Ensuring  the  smooth  operation  &
health of the wind power  plant.  Online  monitoring  &  operation  of  wind
energy converters. Developing innovative strategies to prevent  defects  and
attaining  maximum  machine   availability.   Excellent   coordination   and
motivating with expertise on quality checks.


                          ORGANIZATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS

At  ENERCON  INDIA  LTD.,  an  ISO  9001:2008   certified   company   (Since
30.12.2008).

Company Profile:
    . Established in 1994, with an objective to offer complete solutions  in
      wind energy sector which includes right from site identification, wind
      farm design to commissioning and after-sales service.
Responsibilities:
    . Operate and maintain the wind power plant for maximizing  productivity
      while adhering to Enercon quality regulation.
    . Execution of preventive  maintenance,  design  upgradations,  etc.  at
      respective site as per stipulated schedules.
    . Attending  the  breakdown  of  wind  energy  converters  &  associated
      componentry.
    .  Timely confirmation of service orders, materials  issue  &  ordering,
      wind generation report, etc in SAP.
    . Administration work at site level.
    .  Wind   power   plant   productivity   achieving   estimated/committed
      productivity & signal an early alarm.
    . Suggesting the effective  cost  management  &  efficiency  improvement
      measures for wind power plant.
    . Maintaining the documentation as per ISO & QA standard.
    . Maintaining the safety rules and regulation. And training of the  site
      employees.
    . Customer interface.
    . Conducting perpetual inventory & ensure availability of stock  as  per
      spares provision plan.
    . To train the new employees, and trainees.
    . To analyze the frequency and the reason for Breakdown and improve  the
      productivity and availability.




ONE year experience completed in BHUSHAN STEEL&STRIP ltd (SINCE 2007-2008)



Details :
    o Testing panels, And different types of panels wirings.
    o Transformer maintenance with testing.
    o Maintenance of Over head HV lines, Transformers and Circuit breakers









                             TRAININGS ATTENDED

Organization:             Enercon              Training              Academy
    Duration: 6 month
Scope: Acquired training on the Operation &Maintenance of  the  Wind  Energy
Converters, working with the SAP system, utilizing  of  database  management
systems, ISO and QA standards, First aid and safety training.


                           EDUCATIONAL CREDENTIALS

I.T.I (Industrial training done in Electrical)  from  Govt.  I.T.I  Talcher,
Orissa (2007 First class)
    . Secondary(X) from State Board for Secondary Education with FIRST class
      in 2005 .

                              TECHNICAL SKILLS

    . Operating system:, Windows XP.
    . Application software:



      MS-Office, Accessing Internet, SAP.
    . Inverter cabinets using PWM technology up to 300KW and 600KWs rating.
    . Maintenance of Over head HV lines, Transformers and Circuit breakers
    . Power Electronics.
    . Variant AC Drives and DC Drives, Choppers, Inveters, Scada.

                              PERSONAL DETAILS

  Date of Birth        :     13th MARCH, 1990.
   Hobbies                 : listening music ,Sports& Browsing.
     Permanent  Address      :  S/o:   Ballava  das  .At/Po:  sirigida,Dist:
Keonjhar
                                                          State:     ODISHA,
758076                       .
   Contact No.                 :  07667848678
   E-mail Address            :    dastikuram@gmail.com
   Languages Known      :    English, Oriya, Hindi, and Tamil.

