
      SANTOSH KUMAR DUBEY                                                  
      Contact No:  9852160518/ 7304696475
      Email id:       dubey436@gmail.com  

Career Objective: 
To initiate from an esteemed organization where there is scope for contributing and updating my knowledge and skills for the development of self and the organization and constantly strive for goal congruence.
Can take initiative, work under pressure & balance multi-task assignments.
Can be a good team member especially in situations where tough & high stress goals have to be achieved.

Educational details: 

  Professional Experience:

        1 year experience in “DDM Engineering Pvt. Ltd.”pune, Maharashtra as a Process   engineer.
Technical skills :
ACADEMIC PROJECT:-
              “DESIGN, FABRICATION AND TESTING OF HELICAL TUBE IN TUBE COIL HEAT EXCHANGER”
                    Description:-Design and fabrication of Test rig for testing of helical tube in tube coil heat exchanger. 
                    Testing of helical tube in tube coil heat exchanger in parallel/counter flow configuration to determine
                    LMTD, Capacity Ratio, and Effectiveness. Modeling of heat exchanger in CATIA V5.Thermal analysis 
                    Of the model in ANSYS.
DESIGNING SOFTWARE’s:- 
CatiaV5
Pro-E
Auto-cad





Area Of Interest:
Designing.
Manufacturing. 
Production.
Quality.
R& D.       









Achievements:


Strength:                
Basic Knowledge of Engineering Design.
Willing to take extra responsibilities to get the work done.
I like to make something new from zero level giving a wide and sufficient scope to prove my ability and skills.
Briefly I like to inspire instead of manage.
Quick learning ability, adaptability, open-minded.
Good team player, determined, creative in thought process.
Strong ability to create/read/interpret engineering drawings with proficiency in designing &Detailing of components in conformance to pre-defined technical specifications.
An effective communicator with excellent relationship management skills and strong analytical, problem solving & organizational abilities. Possess a flexible & detail oriented attitude


Personal Information:                               
	

DECLARATION

“I hereby declare that above statements are true to the best of my knowledge & belief”.


        Place :Ranchi
                                                                                                                                   SANTOSH KUMAR DUBEY
        Date:                               s                                                                                                                 Signature