


                                       CURRICULUM - VITAE

 Abubakra
 Support Assistant
      [pic]
 India Mobile: +91-9198003924 E-mail: Abubakr.lko@gmail.com


PERSONAL SUMMARY

I would describe myself as a motivated, well presented, hard working
person, experienced in customer service and thrives working with the
public, dealing with queries and helping to solve problems.  I have
excellent communication skills and I always like to carry out my work in a
professional and efficient manner.  I have proved these skills through my
career in reception and retail posts, arranging stock, handling cash and
motivating colleagues.  I like to think I am someone who works well
alongside others and easy to get along with as I am a sociable person.  I
am also willing to take on any training necessary to enable me to carry out
my work efficiently or progress my retail career.
 To be able to work and be a part of your prestigious company that would
further enhance the knowledge and the discipline built in me and would give
me an opportunity to learn and handle new things and tasks. Now looking
forward to a making a significant contribution in a ambitious and
Exciting company that offers a genuine opportunity for progression.

Duties:

     . Maintaining high standards of cleanliness in all public areas.
     . On the front line meeting, greeting and serving customers
         (  Informing customers of any collection times or delivery dates.
         (  Resolving disputes and customer complaints.
         (  Highlighting special offers and promotions to customers.
         (  Providing product advice, knowledge and guidance to customers.
         (  Taking cash from customers and processing their credit card
payments.




Personal:
    . Friendly personality and able to engage customers.
    . A strong work ethic and desire to succeed.
    . Smart presentable appearance.
    . Possess a polite and helpful manner.
    . Confident communication skills.
    . Willing to learn.
    . Positive attitude.
    . Confident and articulate.
    . Persuasive and having good influencing skills.

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

 Good communication skills and an excellent telephone manner.
 Able to sell to large and small clients.
 Proven experience in launching new products.
 Have a professional style of communication & ability to build rapport with
Prospective customers.


Educational Qualifications

Post Graduate Diploma in Software Technology                        2010
DOEACC Society, Luck now, India


\Post Graduate - M.C.A.                                             2010
Maharishi Dayanand University, India

Advanced Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Application
2008
Maharishi Dayanand University, India

Bachelor of Science (ZBC)                                           2007
Amir Ud Daula Islamia, Degree, College, Luck now, India



I.T. Proficiency
Programming Languages  :     C, C++, C#, Visual Basic 6
Web Designing                :    HTML, ASP.net
Operating System       :     MS Dos, Windows 9X/NT/ME/XP/Vista/7/8
Database               :     MS Access, Oracle - SQL
Packages               :     MS Office, Front Page, Crystal Reports
Others                       :    Hardware Networking
Typing Speed                 :    English - 25wpm

Career Highlights
    > Displayed abilities in handling problems as opportunities and dealing
      with difficult challenges.
    > Carried out career growth by using the knowledge gained from
      experience and by upholding dedication and commitment in work profile.
    > Demonstrated superior performance in all assigned job profiles.
    > Recognized as a quick learner who can easily understand and adapt
      company processes.


Employment History

Support Assistant
Jan 2012 - Jan 2014
Flash Enterprises, Luck now, India

Sales Representative                                                Sept
2010 - Sept 2011
Rex InfoTech, Luck now, India

 Sales Assistant
                                           July 2009-July 2010
ABC Computer


Personal Details :

Nationality      :     Indian
Date of Birth          :     19th September 1985
Languages        :     English, Hindi, Urdu
Marital Status         :     Married
Driving license               :           Yes (India)
Notice Period                :           Immediate
Location Preference     :           Any where in Gulf Country

PASSPORT DETAIL

                                   FILE .NO.                   LKOA13527408
                                   PASSPORT .NO         J2688108
                                   DATE OF ISSUE       16/08/2010
                                   DATE OF EXPIRY    15/08/2020


Declaration

I hereby declare that the information I have given is true and correct to
the best of my knowledge and belief. Hope you will consider my C.V.
favorably and give me positive response.

Thanking you,
Yours faithfully

Date: 26.11.2015
           Abubakra
















