
                                            Cell: 91+09634402628
Shivang Rajwanshi                                               Email:
shivangrajwanshi@gmail.com
[pic]
Objective:

 I am waiting for a good position in an oil/gas  &  power  sector  or  other
instrumentation & controls engineering field, to share my knowledge  at  the
best and to acquire a leading edge expertise in every corner of  my  working
area and thus contribute towards the growth of  the  organization  with  the
willingness to  learn.  Strengths  lie  in  innovation,  analysis,  and  the
ability to work effectively in a team environment.

Education Qualification:

    .  Master  of  Technology  with  Honors  in  Instrumentation  &  Control
      Engineering from Sant Longowal Institute of Engineering &  Technology,
      Deemed University in the year 2010 with  aggregate  C.G.P.A  8.16  and
      submitted Thesis on topic "Analysis of Energy Consumption  Pattern  by
      Designated Consumers in the State of Punjab"
    . Bachelor of Technology in Electrical &  Electronics  Engineering  from
      Sam Higginbottom Institute  of  Agriculture,  Technology  &  Sciences,
      Formerly Allahabad Agricultural Institute  Deemed  University  in  the
      year 2008 with aggregate C.G.P.A 7.19
    . 10+2 from Translam Academy International, Meerut (C.B.S.E) in the year
      2004.
    . 10th from Meerut Public School, Meerut in the year 2002.

Working Experience
    . Five months teaching experience at SSITM, Aligarh from August 2010  to
      December 2010
    . Six months teaching experience at RGEC, Meerut from  January  2011  to
      June 2011
    . Nine months teaching experience  at  JJT  University,  Jhunjhunu  from
      November 2011 to July 2012
    . One year experience as an electronics engineer at  Skyinfotech,  Noida
      from July 2012 to July 2013

Achievements:

    . Participated in Seminar at Technical Festival Horizon`07 conducted  by
      College of Engineering & Technology, awarded with III position.
    . Participated in 3rd international conference on "power  electronics  &
      intelligent control" organized by department of electrical engineering
      at Malaviya National Institute of Technology.
    .  Participated  in  two  days  certificate  course  on  "planning   and
      implementation of solar pv power plants" organized by centre of energy
      and environment at Malaviya National Institute of Technology.
    . Participated in one week short term training program on "operation and
      control of modern power systems" organized by department of electrical
      engineering at Malaviya National Institute of Technology.
    . Participated in 2nd international conference 2012 on "renewable energy
      resources & management"  and  presented  research  paper  on  a  topic
      "Impact of renewable  energy  resources  in  Jhunjhunu"  conducted  by
      renewable  energy  research  centre,  Shri   Jagdishprasad   Jhabarmal
      Tibrewala University.
    . Participated in national conference on "creative and innovative trends
      in management" organized by Institute of commerce and management, Shri
      Jagdishprasad Jhabarmal Tibrewala University.
    . Participated  in  international  conference  on  "emerging  issue  and
      challenges  in  higher  education"  organized  by  Shri  Jagdishprasad
      Jhabarmal Tibrewala University.
    . Participated  in  international  conference  on  "emerging  trends  in
      computer science and information technology" organized  by  department
      of  computer   science,   Shri   Jagdishprasad   Jhabarmal   Tibrewala
      University.
    . Organized a  second  international  seminar  2012,  "renewable  energy
      resources & management" held on  16th  to  18th  march  2012  at  Shri
      Jagdishprasad Jhabarmal Tibrewala University
    . Participated in Senior Section Essay Writing competition conducted  by
      Vision India Educational Systems under the aegis  of  HOPE  (HOME  FOR
      ORPHAN POOR & EDUCATION).
    .  Participated  in  Inter  House  Badminton  Tournament  (Junior-level)
      awarded with II position.
    . Awarded with Baidyanath Shankhapusphi Scholarship in academic session.

Professional Skills

    . Familiar with Networking and Hardening of Computer System.
    . MS-Office , Operating SystemWindows-Vista,2007
    . CRM Solutions - Finacle
    . Programming Languages, Matlab

Project1#:

    . Successfully completed 30 days practical training in Areva Transformer
      and  Development  India  Limited,  Naini  on  Study  of   Distribution
      Transformers in June-July 2006.

      Description:
      The transformers are  used  to  reduce  the  primary  voltage  of  the
      electric distribution system to the utilization  voltage  serving  the
      customer. It is a static device constructed with two or more  windings
      used to transfer alternating-current electric power by electromagnetic
      induction from one circuit to another at the same frequency  but  with
      different values of voltage and current.  Transformers  receive  their
      electricity from the power plant, through a primary line in  the  form
      of AC power.

    . Successfully completed 30 days  practical  training  in  Bharat  Heavy
      Electricals  Limited,  Haridwar  on  Study  of  C.N.C   Machines   and
      Manufacturing & Operation of Turbo-Generators and Motors in June2007.

      Description:
      Computer numerically controlled (CNC) machines are used for automating
      the machining process with flexibility to handle small to medium batch
      of quantities in part production. CNC technology is applied  on  basic
      metal cutting machine like lathes, milling machines, etc. CNC machines
      are capable  of  performing  multiple  operations  milling,  drilling,
      boring  and  taping.  A  computer  numerical  control   (CNC)   is   a
      microprocessor-based system to store and  process  the  data  for  the
      control of slide motions and auxiliary functions of the machine tools.

    . Successfully completed 15 days practical training  in  Bharat  Sanchar
      Nigam Limited, Meerut on Implementation of Stop and Wait Protocol  for
      C-Dot Optical Amplifier System Technology in January 2007.


      Description:
      C-DOT Optical Booster Amplifier are developed using a small length  of
      single mode fiber doped with Erbium in combination with a  high  power
      pump laser for use as booster amplifier at the Terminals Unit so as to
      increase the repeaters less span for point to point communication from
      80 to 120 kilometers at bits rates of 2.5Gbps.


    . Successfully completed 30 days practical training in  I.C.I.C.I  Bank,
      Meerut on Finacle Transforming Banking in July 2007.
      Description:
      Finacle is a CRM solution that addresses the core  banking,  treasury,
      wealth management, consumer and corporate  e-banking,  mobile  banking
      and web based cash management requirements of  retail,  corporate  and
      universal banks worldwide.

Personal Details:


   Father's Name       :     Er. Y.K. GUPTA
   Date of Birth       :     27th Nov 1986
   Nationality               :    Indian
   Marital Status      :     Single
   Languages Known     :     English and Hindi
   Permanent Address   :     G-71 Shastri Nagar Meerut
                            Uttar Pradesh-250004
   Passport Number              :            H3408083
   I, hereby declare that the above information holds true up to best of  my
   knowledge, and can be verified if needed.

                                                           Shivang Rajwanshi

