
Profile

I am an Executive  Officer  who  advises  partner  institutions  on  related
issues in  building  capacity  development  activities,  offer  preparation,
performance monitoring, reporting and project management.

My coordinated efforts achieved changes,  diversion  and  quality  assurance
for my organization as well as targeted partner institutions.

My experience also extends to  embassies,  foreign  affairs  and  diplomatic
relations on human right strategy development.

I 'm able to work on my own initiative  with  an  excellent  analytical  and
problem solving skills as well as working and delivering given tasks in  all
situations. I always maintain a  high  quality  standard  and  a  good  team
player.


ACCADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS

    > M.A. (English, Literature & Language) in 2003
      NUML ( National University of Modern Languages), Islamabad.


    > B.A. (Education & Applied Psychology) in1999
      Punjab University, Lahore.




Secondary Education


    > F. Sc. (Pre-medical)  in 1997
      Board of Intermediate & Secondary Education, Rawalpindi.






Professional Experience Highlights


GIZ-Renewable  Energy   and   Energy   Efficiency   (GIZ-REEE),   Islamabad.
September 2011- till   present

      Gender Advisor:-

My job responsibilities include:

    > Managing the area of responsibility (gender) that forms  the  part  of
      the programme objectives and team agreements and/or supervisor.
    > Contribute by assisting project initiatives  to  provide  professional
      advisory  services to and cooperate with broad range of target groups
    >  Advising  partner  institutions  on  gender  related  activities   by
      supporting partners gender knowledge  building  and  related  capacity
      development activities, dealing with elaboration  and  development  of
      joint gender  activities  and  work,  contribute  to  preparation  and
      implementation of coordination efforts as well as reporting on  status
      of activities and  achievement,  and  developing,  organizing  quality
      assurance measures and suggest changes, improvement and initiatives to
      partners.
    >  Networking  and  cooperation   on   regular   basis   with   relevant
      organizations to maintain good working relations and encourage sharing
      of ideas and information to benefit projects and programmes.
    > Innovation  and  knowledge  management  by  developing  ready  to  use
      strategies  and  technical  concepts  incl.  guidelines,  manual   and
      procedures,  draw  up  reports  and  presentations  documents,  inputs
      required by programme manager in his reports as well as assisting  any
      research activities studies in benefit of joint programme
    > Coordinated  tasks  by  assisting  in  general  project  planning  and
      developing project concept, preparation, organization  and  moderation
      of  planning  exercise   for   implementation,   quality   management,
      evaluation and monitoring, communication and documentation  for  joint
      activities with partners. As well as supporting gender related task to
      management i.e. offer preparation, impact monitoring, project progress
      review and reporting also conducting gender analysis of project



GIZ-Renewable  Energy   and   Energy   Efficiency   (GIZ-REEE),   Islamabad.
April 2010- August 2011

      Gender Officer:-

My job responsibilities include:

    > Advisory services for technical staff to mainstream gender into energy
      activities
    >  Realization  of  field  research  and  study  activities  to  promote
      integration  of  gender  aspects  in   energy   projects   (in   close
      coordination with Pakistani NGOs and CBOs);
    > Compilation and dissemination of information, best practices,  lessons
      learnt with regard to gender mainstreaming;
    > Support of in-house capacity building  for  project  staff  to  gender
      sensitization and mainstreaming;
    > Moderation of internal discussion on gender issues within the  context
      of development cooperation in the energy sector;
    > Support in effective programme management in the following areas:
         o  development,  maintenance  and  application  of  Monitoring   &
           Evaluation systems on gender  issues  to  measure  and  document
           performance in relation to impact
         o development of effective relationships with stakeholders



GTZ-Renewable  Energy   and   Energy   Efficiency   (GTZ-REEE),   Islamabad.
    June 2009-March 2010

      Executive Assistant:-

My job responsibilities include:

    > Management of  all  executive  level  administrative  tasks  including
      scheduling ,organizing and coordinating  meetings,  conference  calls,
      communication with NGOs, United Nation,  Government,  Semi  Government
      and Private sector, travel arrangement;
    > Documentation and information management;
    >  Organization  of  Workshops  and   seminars/conferences   (logistics,
      correspondence, travel, accommodation)
    > Preparation of MoMs
    > Assistance with customer-service,  product  availability  and  quality
      control related issues;
    > Maintenance of REEE calendar of events;














GTZ-Renewable  Energy   and   Energy   Efficiency   (GTZ-REEE),   Islamabad.
     April 2007- May2009

      Secretary/Receptionist:-

My job responsibilities include:
    > Organization of workshops and seminars and follow ups;
    >  Flight/travel  (domestic   and   international)   and   accommodation
      management;
    > Maintenance of calendar of events and leave record;
    > Assistance in procurement including documentation;
    > Invoice management including book-keeping;
    > Preparation of minutes of meeting;
    > Document management;
    > General secretarial support



Royal                Thai                Embassy,                 Islamabad.
                                       May 2005 till August 2006

      Secretary to Ambassador:-

My job responsibilities include:

    > Arranging appointments for Ambassador  /  Deputy  Head  of  Mission  /
      Officers  with  other  Embassies,  United  Nation,  Government,   Semi
      Government and Private sector as a Secretary;
    > Maintain guest lists and issuing invitations;
    > Accept / regrets invitations card for Ambassador and other officers;
    > Drafting, typing and filing the official letters / documents;
    > Arrange reservations for the foreign delegations to the  international
      hotels;
    > Responding to the enquiries  from  the  public  (telephone,  mail  and
      counter enquiries) for information about visa processing and country's
      portfolio;
    > Collecting daily in-coming letters  and  submitting  to  the  relevant
      sections / officers;
    > Translate in English  some  of  the  news  or  information  from  Urdu
      newspapers / magazines;
    > Assist the senior  management  for  in  formulating  and  implementing
      policies relating to the local staff.
    > Assist the administrative officer / Visa  Officer  for  local  staff's
      annually bonuses, leaves record, overtime / conducting the  interviews
      of the visa applicant.
    > All such duties of administrative department with public  and  private
      departments, International organizations etc.
    > Assist diplomatic staff members by processing request for  renewal  of
      visas, identity cards, driving licenses, exemptions, airport passes  /
      cards and other necessary personnel related  documents  in  accordance
      with the requirements of the mission from Ministry of Foreign Affairs,
      Government of Pakistan.
    > Handling out - door task purchased / repairs of machinery, stationery,
      printing etc.
    > Performing other duties as required time to time.




H.A. Shah & Sons, Islamabad.  June 2005 to August 2005


   Assistant Business Process Associate:-


    > Dealing with quotation, purchase orders and data entry operations.
    > Maintenance and retrieval of files.
    > Handling incoming and outgoing correspondence.





Drug Detoxification & Health  Society,  Islamabad    January  2004  to
April 2005


   Interpreter:-



    > Translation into English from Urdu and Punjabi.
    > Provision  of  services  as  interpreter  to  delegations  from  other
      countries.




Drug  Detoxification  &  Health  Society,  Islamabad     May  1999  to
December 2001


   Communication Assistant:-



    > Handling all incoming and outgoing correspondence.
    > Maintaining of paper records of all correspondence.







Short courses


    > Result Based Management  in 2010- AMI Thailand
      Impact oriented project planning, implementation, and monitoring based
      on the Logical Framework Approach (LFA)
    > Gender analysis and planning in 2012- INTRAC Oxford
      Systematic analysis of context and plans of  projects  and  programmes
      with gender equality perspective
    > Gender equality for development effectiveness in 2012- ILO Italy
      Strategies and tools  that  work  for  advancing  gender  equality  in
      development planning




Computer Skills


    > MS Office Suite
    > MS Project 2007/2010
    > Typing Speed of 40 wpm.





Language Proficiency





Excellent Written and Spoken proficiency in the following languages:

    > English
    > Urdu
    > Punjabi



References

References and other additional data will be furnished upon request.

|                                                                            |

