	CURRICULUM VITAE
RADHESHYAM KHAKHAL
E-mail Id: - 
Mob. No: - 0091-9983264315.
Post Applied For: -       CIVIL FOREMAN

Objective:-
           To provide a high level Quality for various civil works. Support management in civil construction supervision, ideally within the construction industry, whilst concurrently expanding experience and expertise as a civil foreman practitioner.
Total Experience: -	3 years 10 Months.
Experience in ABROAD
CIVIL FOREMAN
15th July 2010 to 26th Dec 2011.
         Worked as Civil Foremen in leading company (ASCON) Associated Construction & Investment Co.LLC. Abu Dhabi UAE. A reputed construction company worked. Certificate of Appreciation (Outstanding Safety Performance + Gold coin Award.)
Project		:          	ADNOC Married Staff Accommodation, Ruwais Housing Complex Expansion. 
			Phase III, Package VI, Ruwais- Abu Dhabi, UAE.        
Project Value	: 	Dirham’s 350 Millions.
Client		:           ADNOC (Abu Dhabi National Oil Company) UAE.
Consultant	:	Dorsch, Abu Dhabi, UAE.
Duties & Responsibilities and job description:-
         Responsible in controlling a group of operatives specializing in masonry, Concreting and earth works. Specialist item such as installation, dry wall partitioning systems, Block work, Plastering, Waterproofing, screed, Wall & Floor tiling, False ceiling, Roof work, Painting, Furniture and other Finishing work such GRC, Lift jamb Handrail, Kitchen cabinet, and external earth works Excavation, Backfilling, Compaction, Interlock, Kerbstone, Clay tiles Pebbles etc works. With reference to method statement, Structural / Architectural, drawings & coordinating with consultant, engineer and Sub contractors. 
Supervise the work quality of civil work.
Scheduling, workface planning co-coordinating, supervising, assisting in cost control and ensuring safety.
Sees to it that is sufficient manpower, assign as per project and that this assignments are documented and accurately charged to specific etc.
Prepare project report and other needed correspondence regularly.
Attend to project coordination meeting, Discuss the action plans.
Prepare the daily labour report, site progress report, weekly progress report, Safety tool box talk ,as per site work measurement taking and material or equipment take off report.
Prepare and submit all the necessary documents (ITR, MEP clearance, Tool Box Talk).
Initiates the preparation of (requisition slip) for materials and submit to project incharg for checking.
Monitors delivery of materials on site as compared to requisition.
Ensure compliance to safety measures.
Performance other related duties that may be assigned from time to time.
Experience in India:-
Site Supervisor
08th Feb 2008 to 20th June 2010.
Worked as Site supervisor in Metro Constructions, Jodhpur, Rajasthan, India. 
Project		:          	Construction of Four Storey Private Residential Building at Jodhpur, 
                               	Rajasthan, India.
Project Value	:	INR 5000000.
Client		:           Shanti Properties, Sikar Rajasthan.
Duties & Responsibilities and job description:-
          My major duties and responsibilities were layout, demarcation, column, Beam & slab concreting and brick work, lintels, plastering, screeding, tiling, painting etc. To get the work done as per drawings and instruction received from the concerned engineer.
Supervising manpower to maintain the labour time sheet and salary record weekly payment to
   workers.    
To maintain the labour track record to get the maximum accurate output and maintain the policy of 
   Team work.
To work with all safety rules and regulation.
To arrange materials, manpower and equipments as per site required.
Frequent site inspection.
Conduct tool box / safety meeting before going to work.
Submitting daily progress report to safety officer.
Educational Qualifications:-
Bachelors of Arts. Passed from Rajasthan University Jaipur, Rajasthan.
Senior Secondary passed from Rajasthan Board Ajmer. 
Secondary passed from Rajasthan Board Ajmer.
Other Qualifications:-
‘O’ LEVEL computer diploma from, DOEACC society New Delhi.
‘A’ LEVEL computer diploma from, DOEACC society New Delhi.
  Diploma in civil engineering (One year) from NIE Jodhpur Accredited by 
 Indian council for engineering and technical studies.
Operating System:-
Windows 98, Windows XP, Windows Vista.
Software Proficiency:-
Office Automation, MS Office 2003, 2007, EXCEL, Internet, Desktop 
   Designing, AUTO CAD, C&C++ LANGUAGE
Passport Details:-
Passport No		: -	G 4819792 ECNR
Date of issue               : -	14/11/2007	
Date of Expiry		: -	13/11/2017
Place of issue		: -	Jaipur, Rajasthan, (INDIA)
Personal Details:-
	            Father’s Name 		: -	Mr.  Tikuram Khakhal
	            Date of Birth 	 	: -        06th Aug, 1987
	            Marital Status 	: -        Married
	            Sex			: -        Male
	            Nationality                  : -        Indian
		 Language Known 	: -	Hindi & English

Permanent & Present Address:-
Radheshyam Khakhal
Village	: -	Deeppura Rajaji
Post	: -	Sevad Bari
Via                              : -	Fagalwa
Dist		 	: -	Sikar,Rajasthan(India)
Pin code		: - 	332041

Declaration:-
I hereby declare that all the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge.

Date: - ….………..                                                                                                           ……..........................
Place:-……………..                                                                                                        Radheshyam Khakhal  