AMAR DEEP KUMAR 

D-100,Sahnis house , Tagore garden , New delhi -110027
 Email: amardeep_kmr@yahoo.com, eramardeepkmar@gmail.com Mob: +91 8375015990, 011-25101916


Brief Experience Highlights



A value driven and result oriented professional with over 7 years of experience with a Private Sector in the field of Transmission , Distribution & Sub-station (66/11KV,33/11KV&400/220KV) maintenance , cable laying (11KV,33KV,66KV,220KV ), 
 Industrial setup(MEP), Heavy machine loading, unloading ,shifting, Instillation, Power lifter(SBL1100), Possessing valuable insights, keen analysis and team approach to implement best practices to achieve business excellence. Ethical, loyal and maintain a high degree of confidentiality
Proven track record in factive management of overall Project operationsilitating the effect
Strong ability to master a situation quickly; an expert at organizing & directing turnaround situations
Excellent communicator and strategist with ability to lead the people at all hierarchical levels
Demonstrated high performance standards with astute attention to detail and deadlines. Works well in diverse teams to achieve goals through effective communication and interpersonal skills
Strong ability to master a situation quickly; highly knowledgeable in handling the development projects 
In-depth knowledge of Project Management entailing scope finalization, designing and executing.
Functional expertise in Delivery Management, Quality & Testing process, and Business Consultancy.
Skilled in Business Process Re-engineering, Process Enhancements and Quality Testing.
Mature leader with exceptional coaching and mentoring qualities and demonstrated abilities in leading senior teams in engineering and services areas, interfacing with other leaders and senior executive team in achieving the organizational goals. High appreciation from people, processes and multi location strategies. Created Centre of Excellence for different organizations.
Travel widely for business purpose. Experienced staying and working in several locations within India including Delhi, Gurgaon, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Enjoy relating with a wide variety of people and have a large network of project contacts consisting of customers, vendors and partners.
 To sale Warehousing/"Contract Logistics" / SCM/ Supply Chain / 3PL / 4PL Product


Domain Expertise

                                            
                                               Project     Management    –   7   +years
                                                    Project      Planning - 4+ years
                                                       Project Budgeting -4+years
                                                        Client management- 7+years
                                                                Strategic    Planning   - 6+ years
                                                             Team     Management    – 7 + years
                                              Relationship Building & Management-+7years


Professional Strengths


Strategic Planning		Organizational Change		Executive Training & Dev.
Transition Management		Delivery Management		Critical Management
Entrepreneurial Leadership	Infrastructure Development	Large Scale Change Management
Methodology Development	Matrix Management		Project Management
Consultancy Development	Revenue Enhancement		Emerging & Advanced Tech
Business Process Eng.		Facilitation			Corporate Development
Quality Management		Account Mining


Responsibility Matrix

Operational: 
To ensure that the project is executed within time specification and budgeted cost. Follow up with Customer payments follow up with the vendors for immediate supply of materials ensure 


Financial:  
Coordinating internally with finance dept. and site engineers interacting with clients and contractors in case of any Deviation from the contractors. 

Customer:
Managing good customer supplier relations.  Coordinate internally with project Execution, finance, Purchase and site contractors. Coordinate externally with customer, consultant, ground engineering and suppliers and external forces. 

Process: 
Monitor and ensure proper documentation of all the activities executed at site, materials received at site and any extra jobs carried out /deviation requested by the customer at site. 

People:

Coordinate & boost up project team morale in high spirit for smooth execution of project. Develop cordial relation with local PAP and local influential people in order to execute hassle –free project   execution & closure


Quantitative Analysis


Maximum P/L Size: jp¥ (1 million to 1billion) 
Maximum Team Size: 157 (for all projects).
Team Size: 18 to 60 in a single project.
Project Size:1month to 2 years 
Clients Interaction: 45 (Domestic: 11 and International: 34)
Technology: Implementation of 15 projects on Japanese, 9 projects govt. of India, and 10 Projects on industries.
Product – heavy machine Loading , unloading ,shifting ,installation ,testing, Transmission, Distribution & Sub-station (33/11KV&400/220KV) 
ERP: Two projects in HMSI (HONDA MOTORCYCLE AND SCOOTER INDIA PVT.LTD)-TC Controlled Envirroment chassis construction & HITACHI CHEMICAL INDIA PVT. LTD.

Technology Used


Mechanical :- Heavy machine Loading , unloading ,shifting ,installation,SBL1100,
Electrical: Transformer: Operation, maintenance and Control switchgear, Relay, cabling(HT,LT,control),
                 Testing of LT & HT panel.
                 Power system: Transmission and Distribution, testing of substation, and control cable.                              
Other: Critical space management and Site management.
Computer skills: MS Office, Excel, MS Power point, Internet, All the basics which is required.


Work Experience
                                                      Accurate transformerLtd.,Noida    
Leading a team of 20 Engineers professional and reporting to the GM, MD and CMD.


Responsibilities
Project executed (Package “RGGVY-II”Hardoi,Project cost:189.76 crore`)
Successfully completed a rural electrification project (Package RGGVY-II HARDOI) with Mondern instruments Pvt. ltd.in Hardoi(U.P.)MVVNL.
Ensure proper quality of the projects being delivered to the client(MVVNL)
Development of vendor relationships and liaison management with outsource partners.
Project relationship management and synchronization of internal, contract and 3rd party vendor resources in connection with supply chain . 

Major Achievements: 

Successfully developed and mentored a team to deliver outstanding performance.
Successfully devised and introduced innovative ideas for delivery and achieved revenue targets.
Expanded to new locations and helped business unit grow to more



Aquarian Enterprises
Project Manager (Nov. 2013 to Aug2014)
		Leading a team of 62 Engg. professionals and reporting to MD.
Responsibilities
Create a team of 20 Engg. professionals for NDPL Clients
Create a team of 20 Engg. professionals for BSES Clients
Create a team of 22 Engg. professionals for DTL,LS,RAPID METRO Clients
Maintain the 21 grids in rohini (delhi) for NDPL and BSES
Account Mining for existing clients (NDPL,DTL,BSES,LS,DMRC,RAPID METRO,POWER GRID) in India
Mentoring and provide technical support to development team for new business creation
Responsible for Budgeting and P/L



Major Achievements:
To completed the hole project with KORIAN client (LS CABLE)and CHINESE client(TBEA) .
Upgrade our techniques as compeer to KORIAN AND CHAINESE person.
Demonstrated exceptional abilities by taking hold of crisis situation by delivering 4 such cruial         bill which were not pass for a long time.
Successfully devised and introduced innovative ideas for delivery and achieved revenue targets.
To registration the labour licence and BOCW from labour court.
                  
                                                           

Southern Petrochemical lndustries corporation Ltd., Rajasthan 
Sr.Engineer(Feb.2010 to Nov. 2013)

Led a team of 17 Engg. Professionals & 240 Implementation team and reporting to the PM  & AGM.

Responsibilities
 Project executed (Package “E-64”,Project cost:100 crore) 
Successfully completed a 400kv D/C transmission line (sikar to bassi & sikar to ratangarh )and
220kv transmission line (lilo, sikar to ratangarh) project (Package E-64) with SPIC in jaipur.
Planning and implementing site work.
Recruiting, developing, mentoring, testing and training a team for project implementation.
Co-ordination among Technical Professional, contractors and suppliers.


Major Achievements: 
Successfully sequenced work of implementation of site at many places and implementation of progress on site.
Projects were completed on time and on schedule exceeding expectations.
Played a key role to client for completing site.
Successfully recruited and mentored professionals from various parts of the India.


Varshit CSC Engineers Ltd., Jaipur
Project Manager (Mar. 2010 to Feb 2011)
       Leading a team of 7 Engg. professionals & supporting 50+ Implementation team and reporting to the Vice           President.

Responsibilities
Successfully completed a utility shifting  Project executed (Package “MB”)and(Package “AB”) in 
to all  units. Rajasthan.
To completed the hole project with govt. client (JVVNL and RIDCOR) before given time.
Manage and lead a staff and/or cross  project team ,multiple  projects of critical information 
Responsible for P&L for entire team.
Providing leadership
Work closely with the heads of different business lines to ensure feedback from them on all operational aspects; project status, resource allocation and quality processes
Drive key strategic projects on scalability, cost effectiveness and making business future .
Accountable for the shared budget from a top down perspective.
Conducts project team and/or staff meetings
Analyzes and develops information for senior management, clients, and customers
Resource the project plan in collaboration with the development, test and vendor leads


Major Achievements:
Created confidence among project Analyst and mentoring for techno functional role
Introduced Process driven matrix to monitor the Projects
Created knowledge  for partners/vendors



Shyama Power lndia Ltd.,Gurgaon

Career progression

Led a team of 10 Engineer  and  reporting to the Project Manager and GM.


Responsibilities
Project executed (Package “A & B”,Project cost:103 crore`)
Successfully completed a rural electrification project (Package A & B) with Shyama Power india ltd.in Muzaffarpur.
Project executed (Package “B3&B4”,Project cost:42 crore) 
Successfully completed a rural electrification and 33/11 kv substation,220 kv bay project(Package B3&B4) with Shyama Power india ltd.in Muzaffarpur.
Project executed  (project cost:30 crore,10% works excuted) 
Successfully completed a rural electrification project (Package B1&B2) with Shyama Power india ltd.in Muzaffarpur.
Responsible for P&L for entire Delivery
Ensure proper quality of the projects being delivered to the client
Development of vendor relationships and liaison management with outsource partners.
Project relationship management and synchronization of internal, contract and 3rd party vendor resources in connection with supply chain . 


Major Achievements: 
Joined the company as a Site Engineer and was promoted to the rank of Sr. engineer because of exceptional performance. 
Successfully developed and mentored a team to deliver outstanding performance.
Successfully devised and introduced innovative ideas for delivery and achieved revenue targets.
Expanded to new locations and helped business unit grow to more than double in size.


Prior Working Experience




 Education


B.E. specializing in Electrical Engineering from Rajasthan University in 2008 with 73 %                          ( Topper at college level in B.E.)                                            
Intermediate (PCM) from B.S.E.B. Board with 81%(2nd  topper in intermediate at district level)
10th from B.I.E.C. Board  with 61% (3rd topper in matric at district level )
Completed Hydro power plant training, from Satlug jal Viduyt Nigam ltd. Simla                        (full knowledge of Hydro power plant) 
    
       
Personal Particulars


Date of Birth         :	    08th January, 1984 
Marital Status        :     Married
Languages Known:	    English, Hindi, JAPANEASE (Nihongo)
Religion                 :    Hindu
Nationality             :	    Indian
Hobbies                 :	    Internet Browsing, Cricket, Music
Grandfather’s         :    Ram Avtar pradhan, Retiered Section officer
Father’s name        :    Om prakash (Production of Asian paint)
Three Uncle           :     Anil Kumar Pradhan (Sub- Inspector)
                                  Arvind Kumar Pradhan (Asstt.Manager SBI)
                                  Alok kumar Pradhan (Head on Bank of Baroda , Surat)
Wife                      :     Deep Shikha HR, GREATVALUE PROJECT INDIA LTD. (Noida)
Elder Brother         :     vivekanand (Assistant controller of Accounts, Ministry of Finance,Govt. of India)
Younger Brother     :     Sunny Kumar (Sr. Engg., RUB PLAST, Delhi) 
Younger sister        :     Deep rajni, (Research assistant in  Teri delhi)
Youngest sister       :     Deepika, Doing M - Tech from JNU UP (Jonpur)
References             :     Furnished upon request 






Passport profile & lD


Name:                                Amar Deep Kumar 
Passport No.:                     M9087137
Date of Issue:                     07.05.2015
Date of Expire:                   06.05.2025
Pan Card:                           BWDPK5812L
Driving licence:                   BR-0420110010127
Election commission card:    XXA1755875 (Rajouri garden-27 Assembly constituency)
Aadhaar card:                     5337 3077 2782





(Amar Deep Kumar)
          New Delhi



