

                                Mahdi Kamali
                P.O.Box:150489, Sharjah, United Arab Emirates
          kamali_mohamare@yahoo.com  ,  mahdikamali@emirates.net.ae
                           Mobile: 00971507171470
Skills:
    . Manufacturing of nonferrous alloy by recycling of related scrap,
      recycling aluminum beverage can(UBC) and other light gauge aluminum
      scrap, continuous manufacturing of aluminum coil , trade of metal and
      scrap
    .  Expertise in manufacturing of aviation body parts along with related
      heat treatments ,production of industrial ,car and motorcycle  metal
      part and components, metallurgical and mechanical test(distractive and
      non distractive), quality control management and attain of ISO
      certificate
    . Familiarity with heat treatments, metal corrosion prevention, metal
      surface engineering, stainless steel kitchen equipment manufacturing
    . Proficiency in providing feasibility study for metal manufacturing
      plants ,production cost calculation, maintenance plan for furnaces,
      casting machine,..., pollution control and safety plan
                           PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

                         ZUAMA GROUP, July, 2009-Now

                Production Manager, Production/Operation; R&D
                               Abu Dhabi, UAE

   . Led a team of approximately (50), including (3) Supervisor, for a 1-
     shift facility, with (2) Production areas: Stainless Steel Kitchen
     Equipments with full machineries, Quality, Laboratory, and Safety.
       . Supported new product tests, test markets, intermediate scale
                    production and equipment development.
    . Improved Customer Service metric compare to previous year, measured
                          across hundreds of tests.
   . Reduced overall facility downtime and achieved aggressive Production
                               downtime goal.
    . Zero injuries or lost time (2009), a corporate Safety Audit record.
        . Designed feasibility, evaluation and start-up plan for new
                           manufacturing facility.

            EMIRATES RECYCLING CO. (L.L.C.), July, 2005-Jun, 2009


                             Production Manager
                                Sharjah, UAE
                  . Sorting & Recycling of aluminum scrap.
     . Reviewing all areas of manufactured products and services to best
     determine opportunities for short and long term savings against the
                                   spend.
                       . UBC (Aluminum Beverage Can).
        . Designed feasibility, evaluation and start-up plan for new
                           manufacturing facility.
      . Launched new facility for UBC recycling same as sorting system,
    magnet separator, baler, crusher, shredder, delaquerin, screening and
                                  charging.
           . Upgrade of safety of the factory, pollution control.
        . Improving recycling rate, making suitable UBC ingot alloy,
                        professional research market.
                  . Manufacturing secondary aluminum alloy.
    . Prepared procedures for alloy making, provided melting, casting and
    molding technical supports for supervisors and operators during daily
                                 activities.
 . Supervised welding procedures, mechanical and metallurgy tests, Supported
     QC and production line supervisors and trouble-shooting of casting
                                  defects.

 . Initiated in develop and implementing process and techniques improvements
     for reducing production cost and raising product quality, prepared
    manufacturing procedure for new products, modeling, molding, casting,
    welding and finishing, with respect to Quality and economic concerns.




                    RHF PROFILES CO, Jun, 2004-May, 2005


                        Rolling Mill Factory Manager

                                Sharjah, UAE


   . Production of aluminum coil and sheet 1000, 3000 and 5000 series also
      aluminum sheets for construction, cladding, rolled sections, coil
                    powder coating, and cold room panels.
    . Reduction of production cost by increase of using related aluminum
    scrap, the quality was controlled by chemical composition inspection
    along with quality segregation as a required raw material from local
                             market and abroad.
   . Development of raw material and product lay out, upgrade of safety of
      the factory and pollution control according to UAE environmental
                                   rules.
       . Improving of annealing furnace function through step by step
                    metallurgical quality investigation.
   . Improving of machineries function by reduction of vibration, upgrade
       of quality of patterns surface in cast roll, rolling mill,....
   . Created a 'Production Control/Factory Management & Reporting system',
                      Key persons continual meetings,..
   . Executed improvements in Manufacturing, Lab, Purchasing and Returned
                                 Materials.
        . Improving of product scrap sorting for reuse in production.
    . Reducing production cost by reducing stock of baby coil and better
                              maintenance plan.
     . Supervised Metallurgy Laboratory technician and tests procedures
       , prepared procedures for Metallurgical LAB tests and provided
                technical supports for customer satisfaction.
     . Checked daily reports of QC personnel, advised them for trouble-
    shooting and prepared final reports to QC head, Controlled quality of
         mill finish, set up and maintain preventative QC programs.
        . Re achievement of ISO certificate by following the required
                                 procedures.
        . Designed feasibility, evaluation and start-up plan for new
                           manufacturing facility.
            EMIRATES RECYCLING CO. (L.L.C.), Aug, 2002-Apr, 2004

                                   Manager
                                Sharjah, UAE

                 . Production of secondary aluminum alloys.
    . Selection and purchasing of raw materials according to the type of
                              alloy production.
                 . Marketing and sale of the alloy products.
     . Establishing the organization of secondary aluminum alloy plant.
          . Training of the staff for operation of the alloy plant.
   . Sorting of raw material and controlling the quality of raw materials
                           and finished products.
        . Designed feasibility, evaluation and start-up plan for new
                           manufacturing facility.
       . Selection and purchase of machineries for upgrading secondary
             alloy plant with considering the quality and cost.
                . Cost calculation of the finished products.



            NOVIN GODAZ AMIN COMPANY GROUPS, Jun, 1996-Jul, 2002


    Member of the board, and manager of the commercial and R&D department
                               of the company

                                Tehran, Iran

    . Producer of the aluminum alloy in shape of ingots and billets, zinc
         alloy, zinc ingot according to the customers' requirements
                         . Aluminum dross recycling.
              . Aluminum extrusion along with electro plating.
                              . Die cast parts.
            . Trader of all kind of non-ferrous metals and scrap
                    . Marketing and sales of the products

  . Making decision about organization, and expansion of company, costing,
                        sales price of the products.


             IRAN RADIATOR COMPANY (ARMCO), Apr, 1995-May, 1996


                                Sales manger

                                Tehran, Iran


     . Producer of all kinds of automobile radiators and industrial heat
                                 exchangers.
  . Production of the automobile radiators and heat exchangers by means of
                            reverse engineering.
    . Marketing and sale of products, sales planning for retail sales and
      company agents along with professional quality investigation and
                  better marketing against the competitors.
    . Marketing and sale of heat exchangers for the potential industries.
       . Making decision about costing and sale price of the products.
    . Planning for professional engineering customer service and planning
      for periodical continues meeting with key persons in the factory.

   . Planning for avoiding defects same as corrosion pitting after packing
                                the product.






                PISHRO TADBIR COMPANY, March, 1993-Apr, 1995


                              Managing Director

                                Tehran, Iran

           . Set up of manufacturing plant along with full details
          feasibility study for Market and share holders companies
          (Manufacturer of food, Industrial machineries, Industrial
           Parts, kitchen equipments, Food and meat machineries).
         . Engineering services for Share holder companies and local
                                   market.
          . Producing industrial parts according to clients need by
          reverse engineering for Share holder companies and local
                                   market.
              . Design of production line for industrial parts.
        . Technical proposal for increase of production and reduce of
                              cost production.

        . The only producer of temperature uniformity testing machine
         in the country for evaluation of safety of the gas heaters
        products which are manufactured by home appliances factories
                               in the country.


             . Manufacturing Stainless Steel Kitchen equipments.


               NIROMOHAREKEH COMPANY (NMI) , Feb,1991-Feb,1993


                   Head Of Reverse Engineering Department

                                Tehran, Iran

   . Production of motorcycles and engines licensed by Piaggio Company of
    Italy (Piaggio based in Pontedera, Italy encompasses seven brands of
    scooters and motorcycles. As the fourth largest producer of scooters
                       and motorcycles in the world.)
      . Production of Motor bike (bravo), motor cycles (CG-125, Vespa-
                           http://www.piaggio.com)
      . Production of small size engines used for pesticide control in
                                 agriculture
   . Production of some motorcycle parts by reverse engineering and other
                                   purpose
              . Production of car parts and components for car
                          . Manufacturer companies.
                    . Manufacturing special machineries.
   . Professional planning and financing the subcontractor in the country
         who have capability and ability for manufacturing parts and
                                 components.
    . Making the subcontractor familiar with reverse engineering, quality
            control and update them about new production process.
     . Problem solving or development of products using the engineering
     disciplines of materials science and metallurgy for the company and
                               subcontractors.
   . Supported QC and production line supervisors and trouble-shooting of
                              casting defects.


          IRAN HELICOPTER SUPPORT & RENEWAL CO, Jul, 1985-Jan, 1991


                      Head of Metallurgical Laboratory

                                Tehran, Iran

      . Producer of the helicopters body and maintenance of helicopters
                      according to American standards.
        . Quality assurance and quality control of the raw materials.
       . Quality control in production line of helicopter body parts.
   . Design and control of solution and ageing (heat treatment) of wrought
    aluminum alloy specially 2000, 6000 and 7000 aluminum alloys series.
  . Quality control of the products in respect to corrosion and mechanical
        properties according to American or international standards.
            . Teacher of quality control in training department.
                   . Heading the metallurgical laboratory.
   . leading following project which reduced the production cost, avoided
         human bin accident and set upped the professional technical
                                investigation
     Finding the reasons of stress crack inter granular corrosion (SCC)
    which broke the body parts during age hardening, HTO(High temperature
       oxidation) investigation on the nominated helicopters blade by
      manufacturer, fracture failure analysis with reference of Metals
     handbook and aviation reference books and other metal test facility
    same as Optical microscopy ,NDT,.. to identify the cause and mode of
                                  failure.
      . Familiarity with all kind of nondestructive and distractive tests
        same as , Non-destructive testing, Mechanical Testing including:
        Tensile, Charpy and Izod, Hardness Testing, Macroscopic examination
        and analysis of fracture surfaces, surface cracks ,Microscopic
        examination and analysis ,Metallographic ,Determination of failure
        mechanism ,ductile, brittle, fatigue, corrosion, wear, creep,
        local, coating, corrosion products, Simulated service testing ie;
        torsion, wear, corrosion.

       . Analysis of all evidence, formulation of conclusions, report
                        writing and recommendations.


                                  EDUCATION

               The Azad University Science and Research Branch
                   http://www.srbiau.ac.ir  ,Tehran, Iran


                        Master of Ceramic Engineering
                            Jul, 2002 In progress

                    The Isfahan University Of Technology
                    http://www.iut.ac.ir/en ,Isfahan-Iran


                        B.S Metallurgical Engineering
                             Graduated Jan, 1985

                           ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

       Languages:  Persian (Fluent), English (Fluent), Arabic (Basic)
          Others: Have ISO9000 certificate in internal auditing for
        evaluation and setting up companies and production plants in
               compliance with ISO standards, computer skills

  . International trading, Manufacturing process, Manufacturing by reverse
                                engineering.

