                                              RESUME
Civil Engineer	
(QS/Site Eng.) 
MD FURKAN                                                        
Objective: To join an organization that respects the individuality of professionally          committed person with the aim of mutual cooperation, promotion of skill enhancement and utilization of skills in the field of Civil Engineering, to achieve the organization’s objective.
Educational & Training:
Diploma In Civil Engineering from Aligarh Muslim University with 1st Division.
HIGH SCHOOL from West Bengal Board of Secondary Education (WBBSE) with 1stDivision.
Work Experience: I have total 3 (three) years of experience in the field of Civil Engineering mainly in the core field of building construction.
Company Name: Semac, A Khamis Mushait based trading and manpower supply company 
Designation       : Lab In charge.
Site Name          : Engineering College, Najran University, Najran
Project Detail   : Engineering College site of Najran University.
Responsibilities:
Responsible for the practical classes of Civil Engineering Labs.
To manage all the instruments and apparatus of the labs.
To repair and maintain the apparatus if required.
To make the manuals and documents required for labs.
Contract Duration: 24 June 2014 to 23 June 2015
Company Name: Ashish Group
Designation       : Site Engineer.
Site Name          : Devahish City, Kota, Rajasthan
Project Detail   : A Township project having 500 Duplex Villas, 8 Blocks of
G+13 towers, club house, School Building etc
Responsibilities:
Planning and affecting the execution work as per the schedules of various tasks as per the project by optimum utilization of Equipment and Manpower.
To handle the site work & communicate to contractors about technical issues.
Managing the skills of Supervisors, foreman, and civil technician to facilitate site work.
To estimate quantities of work (RCC, B/W, plaster, paint, D/W frame etc) for Billing & purchase purpose.
To prepare B.B.S., B.O.Q., DPR etc. & Drawing Handling.
Work Duration: 13 May 2012 to 4 June 2014.
Key Skills: Key skills mainly in the field of Site Engineering & Estimating of residential building    (Including estimate of all type of construction items, BOQ, BBS making, Drawing handling, Site Reporting etc.), Surveying, Quality Control, etc.
Achievements:  I had prepared the estimate of civil work items of whole township and B.B.S work, also prepared the materials required for construction of township for purchase purpose.
Strengths: Positive attitude, excellent communication, & self-correspondence skills & ability to learn.
Languages Known: English, Arabic, Urdu And Hindi
Personal Details:
Father’s Name   : Mr. Abdul Moghni;                                    Nationality    : Indian
Marital Status    : Single                                                          Date of Birth: 03/01/1992
Contact Detail    : +966551014530;                                    Email:-furqanmd715@gmail.com
Permanent Add: Mr. Md. Furkan S/O Mr. Abdul Moghni
                                     37/1, Topsia Road, (3rd floor near 56-Talab)
                                     Kolkata:-700039, West Bengal
Place: Najran, Saudi Arabia               .                                                                  
Date:  18/05/2015                                                                                                   (MD FURKAN)                            