
                               Arghadip Poddar
                           Mobile: +91 9777451211
                      E-Mail: arghadip.poddar@yahoo.com

Objective: Seeking senior managerial  assignments  in  Project  Engineering,
Maintenance, Erection & Commissioning with an  Engineering  organisation  of
repute.


Professional Profile
    . B.Tech (Electrical) with extensive  experience  in  nearly  3  Project
      Engineering, Maintenance, Erection & Commissioning.
    . Presently associated with Jindal Stainless Steel, Orissa as  Executive
      Engineer (E & A), Hot Strip Mill Project.
    .  Adept  in  the  planning  of  preventive,  predictive  and  breakdown
      maintenance   schedules,   streamlining   existing   plant    systems,
      maintaining inventories & co-ordinating  purchase  of  critical  spare
      parts for availability.
    . Qualitative experience in Project Engineering including preparation of
      layout drawings for e equipments and achieving  successful  completion
      of erection and commissioning.
    .  A  keen  communicator  with  excellent  leadership,  analytical,  man
      management and organisational skills.


Core Competencies

 Project Engineering

    . Planning project for the erection  &  commissioning  of  machinery  to
      enhance capacity and productivity of the plant.
    . Developing project schedules, preparing various drawings, distribution
      system & layout of various equipments to be commissioned in the plant.
    . Ensuring completion of  project  as  per  scheduled  deadlines  within
      budget.



 Maintenance / Inventory Control

    . Planning, scheduling and executing maintenance (preventive, predictive
      and breakdown) for all production and utility  equipment,  to  achieve
      improved operational efficiency and optimum resource utilisation.
    . Working towards maintenance cost reduction by adhering to  maintenance
      schedules and achieving targets within allocated budgets.
    .  Procuring  critical  spares  and  handling  maintenance  of   optimum
      inventory of engineering items.



 Erection & Commissioning

    . Handling the erection & commissioning of various Drives equipment.
    . Testing the new equipments and ensuring their operability  at  desired
      capacity.
    . Troubleshooting technical problems arising in the system.


Career Highlights
Since  Feb'11             Jindal  Stainless  Steel,  Orissa   as   Executive
Engineer (E & A), Hot Strip Mill Project

Role
    . Overseeing the commissioning of Hot Rolling Mill  Project  Electrical,
      Automation, Power & Drives [SIEMENS, DANFOSS & SCHNEIDER] Equipments.
    . Spearheading operations to ensure  proper  inventory  control  on  the
      spare parts and their replacement.
    . Managing the troubleshooting  &  maintenance  of  Crain  [ABB-ACS  800
      Drive] up to 125 Ton.

Notable Accomplishments
    . Successfully created Maintenance  schedule  and  follow  this  and  we
      reduced machine breakdown time 2%.
    .  Modified  Ventilation  System  with  Drive  combination  for   Energy
      conservation.
    . Pivotal in managing the:
    o Erection and Commissioning of all MV Drives [SM150] & LV Drives [S120]
      from transformer to motor for Roughing  Mill,  Finishing  Mill  &  PFS
      Area.
    o Erection and Cables Scheduling Program.
    o Erection, Commissioning and maintenance of all the Drives installed in
      HSM  Area  including  Crane[ABB  Drives],  PFS,  ROLL  SHOP  and  BELL
      ANNALING. [SM150 & S120].


Jun'09  to  Feb'11        Esskay  Services,  Mumbai  as  Technical   Support
Engineer


Role
    . Handled the Pre Commissioning and commissioning of AC  and  DC  Drives
      for the Process Industries.
    . Involved in the troubleshooting of various field  instruments  related
      to drives.

Notable Accomplishments
    . Successfully handled the commissioning of LV & MV Drives  for  various
      projects with project team.
    . Awards of best field Service engineer for Customer  Solution  Provider
      2010-2011.
    . Distinction of managing key projects like:

Title: Automation of ID fan in Gujarat  Industrial  Power  Company  Ltd.  on
Sinamics G130 System
Client: GIPCL Surat & M/s Siemens
Platform: Sinamics G130, 1MW
Description:  It involved  2  G130  Drives  and  two  800KW  motor  directly
connected by DCS system. The application was continuous application.


Title: Wagon Tipplers Application
Client:  ACC Cement Kudithini Plant, Karnataka
Platform: Siemens Micromaster 440, 150KW
Description: It  involved  wagon  loading  and  unloading  application.  The
project  used  110KW  Siemens  motor  and  Blender  gear   box   which   was
mechanically connected and shared by load.  The  whole  system  is  directly
controlled by automation system and by LCS system.

Academia
2009        BE (Electrical) from Hooghly Engineering  &  Technology  College
affiliated to West Bengal University of
      Technology, Kolkata, India and secured distinction with 78% marks


Trainings Attended
    . One Month Training Program on AC & DC Drives at Siemens Ltd., Mumbai.
    . Micromaster 440/430/420 and Sinamics- G130/G150, Simovert Master Drive
      VC, Sinamics S120 from Siemens.


Industry Exposure/ Technical Purview
    . Cutting & Packaging -Paper Mill. Bilt, Orissa.
    . Conveyor Application- ACC Cement, Chandrapur.
    . Crane Control System- JSW Steel Industry, Karnataka.
    . ID Fan System- GEPIL, Surat.
    . ID Fan System- Chettained Cement, Trichy.
    . CNC System- North West Rail Factory, Bikaner.
    . ID Fan System- Bikaner Thermal Power Plant, Bikaner.
    . CRANE [Material Handling System], Indra Ghandhi Thermal Power, Jharli.
    . Slitter Application-ESSAR Steel, Bhuj.


Personal Details
Date of Birth: 30th December 1986
Present Address: Jajpur Road, Chorda  Choak,  Bhubaneswar,  India,Pin-755026

Permanent Address: 20-Nabinsen Pally, Barasat, Kolkata-700126[pic]
