




      [pic]


                                                            Curriculum Vitae


                                                         Instrument Engineer

Shoaib Alam

Mob.:   +91-7756820588
             +91-9437344374
Email:  shoaib7482@gmail.com

Career Objective

I am looking for a good position in the field of instruments and automation
in a prestigious company where previous skills and capabilities can be put
to efficient use. I possess effective organizational skills and the ability
to supervise a team and develop the final output.
Personal Details

Profile:                       Male, 26, Married, Indian, Muslim

Current Position:       Instrument Engineer
Current Location:       Odisha - India
Pass Port No:            K2152596
Date of Issue:            27/07/2012
Date of Expire:          26/07/2022
Driving License:        OR-1420090025537
Date of issue:            18/02/2009
Date of Expiry:          17/02/2029
Blood Group:                    (B+ve)
Summary of Skills:

    . About 4years of experience as an instrumentation and control systems
      engineer in detailed maintenance, commissioning and development co-
      ordination of instruments and control systems in Power Plant, Steel
      Plant and Water Treatment  Plant projects.
    . Configuring and faults diagnosis of  DCS, PLC, SCADA, RTU, Profibus
      Communication, C-net, Field bus ,Analyzers and Control Loops.
         o DCS :      ABB,SYMPHONY HARMONY.
         o PLC :       Siemens simatic S7 200,300,400  and  Rx Logix 5000
   ,Allen Breadly.
         o SCADA : WINCC/Siemens,ROCKWELL./WINCC.
    . Installation, calibration and loop checking of the field instruments (
      Emerson Rosemount, ABB,  Endress & Hauser,  Honeywell, Yokogawa,
      .......)
    . Maintenance and calibration of the control valves ( Pneumatic, Part
      turn, MOV, NRV,SOV,ADV,Butterfly Valve ..... ) .
    . Experienced in flowmeters configuring (electromagnetic, orifice plate,
      ultrasonic, turbine, Radar type. ) of ABB, Rosemount.
    . Experienced in implementing Interconnection schedule of JB to Field
      Instruments.
    . Experienced in implementing Interconnection schedule of JB to PLC.


    . Experienced in implementing Interconnection schedule of MCC to PLC.
    . Designing, Implementing and Commissioning of new control loops as per
      site requirements.
    . Review of control philosophy, P&I diagrams,ILD ,HOOK UP, cause &
      effect diagrams, instruments list, flow chart
    . Familiar with engineering standards ISA, IEEE, ASTM, NAMUR, ASMI ,
      ANSI , NEMA , IEC
    . Preparing master data sheet for PM schedule; ensuring safe and
      efficient performing of CM
    . Technical Support for the instrumentation team.
    . Experienced in the field instruments and control systems procurement
      activities            page1of 3
    . Spares balance investigation and inventory control for all
      instruments' spare parts
    . Excellent communication interpersonal skills.
    . Experienced in testing of Profibus, Field bus, LAN cable & C-net cable

Educational Qualifications:

2011........ Bachel of  Electronics & Instrumentation Engineering, Biju
Patnaik university                     Odisha(India).
 2006.......Higher study(HSE)...............Odisha (India)
Organizational Experience

Organization:             M/S S.A.FABRICATORS & CIVIL ENGINEERS
Duration:                    JAN'2013 till now
Designation:              Instruments and Control Systems Engineer
Project Description:  3×660MW Thermal Power
Plant,MAHAGENCO,Koradi,Nagpur/LANCO INFRATECH LTD.
Responsibilities:
    . Leading a team of 6 instrument technicians
    . Reporting periodically to Maintenance Manager; preparing KPI, PM and
      CM reports.
    . Troubleshooting the totally integrated automation TIA from Siemens  (
      Rockwell Rx Logix5000 + PLC simatic S7 400 + SCADA  WINCC ) software
      and hardware .
    . Troubleshooting of redundant Profibus communication between 30 RTUs
      and the contrl room ; comprising of 2 pair hot/standby controllers and
      pair of dual redundant scada servers.
    . Planning required upgradation for instruments to achieve production
      quality and cost minimizing.
    . Maintenance and calibration of pneumatic control valves , part turn
      actuated valves and Solenoid operated valve.
    . Maintenance and calibration of different analyzers : Conductivity,
      Chlorine, PH,,  Turbidity, Silica Analyzer  ( Endress and Hauser ).
    . Maintenance and calibration of flowmeters ( electromagnetic, orifice
      plate, variable area,  turbine, ultrasonic..... ) of ABB,  Rosemount.
    . Maintenance and calibration of transmitters PT, LT, TT, DPT,FT,DPS,PS
      (Emerson Rosemount, Endress & Hauser, ABB ,.....) and Monitran
      vibration transducers.
    . Calibrating and adjusting the dosing pumps (Prominent)
    . Cathodic protection testing for five 10,000 m3 reservation tanks
    . Ensure Spares balance and inventory control for all instruments' spare
      parts


                     * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *




   Organization:             S.A. Fabricators & Civil Engineers, Rourkela
   (Odisha) - India
      Duration:                    JAN 2012 to JAN 2013
     Designation:              Instrument Engineer
     Project Description: BLAST FURNACE Capacity 450 cubic meter automated
by PLC- SCADA     system.
SESA GOA LTD.AMONA ,GOA.
          Responsibilities:
    . Involved in the mixing plants erection works, commissioning and
      maintenance.
    . Troubleshooting of PLC system ( Siemens simatic S7 300,S7400 ) and
      faults diagnosis .
    . Programming of plant microcontroller
    . Calibrating of weighting systems including load cell 15 ton capacity
    . Planning and implementing additional control loops as per site
      requirements
    . Maintenance & calibration of Dryer temperature control system
      (SIEMENS)
    . Strong background in motor defects, softstarters, drives, star/delta
      starters, VFD, MCC
    . Printed circuit boards PCB Repairing, Designing, and Modifying.
                                 Page2 of 3



Organization:          S.A.FABRICATORS & CIVIL ENGINEERS
Duration:                  JAN 2011 to JAN 2012
Designation:              Instrument Engineer
Project Description:470×3 MW Steam Turbine Power Plant,
BHUSAWAL,MAHARASHTRA.
Responsibilities:
    . Leading a team of five instrument technicians
    . Programming  PLC (Allen Bradely ) by Ladder Diagram, and hardware
      troubleshooting
    . Basic troubleshooting of SCADA  and DCS Symphony Harmony (ABB).
    . Maintenance & calibration of transmitters PT, LT , TT , DPT ,PG,TG(
      Rosemount, Honeywell......)
    . Maintenance & calibration of turbine governer control system.
    . Maintenance and calibration of pneumatic control valves (Blackborough,
      Copes-Vulcan, Valtek, Masoneilan) and motorized valves ( Auma matic &
      Auto tork )
    . Maintenance and calibration of orifice plate flowmeters ( Rosemount )
      & gas turbine flowmeters
    . Configuring of stack sampler set , and O2 analyzer
    . Trainer at the company training center

Training
.SCADA ,PLC(Allen Bradely) Training from IDTR Jamshedpur (MSME Govt.
Undertaking).
IT  Skills
    . Operating systems            :  Windows XP, 7, 2008 Server
    . Internet                              :  Very good
    . Programming languages   :  Visual Basic, C++
    . PLC Programming             :  Ladder Diagram(Allen Bradely,Siemens)
    . Control Programs              :  PCS7 v6.0 Siemens & Symphony Harmony,
       WINCC.       SCADA,RxLogix5000
    . PC Networking                  :  Very good
    . PC HW maintenance         : Experienced
    . Languages

English        Fluent; read, write and speak
Urdu            Fluent, read, write and speak
Hindi            Fluent, read, write and speak.




                           Declaration
 I hereby declare  that all information stated above are true to the best of
                                my knowledge.

                         (Last Updated on AUG' 2014)


                                 Page 3 of 3
