
CURRICULAM-VITAE
                                                   
C H A M A N   P R A K A S H   S W A M I  
                                                                                                                DELHI, INDIA – CELL NUMBER – 00-91-8130555440 / 7838668624
E-MAIL: chamanswami@yahoo.com
                                                                                      

Seeking a challenging and responsible position in a well-organized establishment where there is an opportunity for potential development and growth in any of the fields viz. ‘Sales, Operations, Logistics’. My immediate objective is to closely associate myself with the operational aspects of organization to assess the shortcomings in me and take the requisite steps to fill the gaps in diagnostic Skills.


Positive attitude combined with creativity, willingness to learn and grasp at the earliest. Co-operative with high level of team spirit.  Hard negotiator.


Punctuality, Honesty, Loyalty, Self Confidence, Efficiency, Hard Working.


BA Degree - Bachelor of Arts, 3yrs   -     1993	.  
Diploma in Advanced Software Technologies (e-DAST) from CMC Ltd – 1 year course – in 2002
Computer Skills - MS.Office (Word, Excel, Power Point), Internet

Overseas Exposure: 	U.A.E., China 


May 2011 onwards			Manager Operations – Jayshnav International, New Delhi
Company Profile:   Jayshnav’s core products are Air Conditioning and Refrigerant Gases, Copper Tubes/ Pipes, all types of Industrial Chemicals, Wood Pulp and Papers etc etc. 
Reporting 
Reporting to Managing Director.
Responsibilities:
Generate enquiries from the customers. 
Obtain offers from various suppliers.
Submit quotations to the customers and negotiate/finalize the order.
Ensure smooth execution of the order.
Sourcing / developing new products.

Mar 2007 to April 25, 2011		Executive Operations – Seltrade General Trading LLC, Dubai 
Company Profile:   Seltrade’s core products are Air Conditioning and Refrigerant Gases, Copper Tubes/ Pipes, Baldor Electric Motors, Schenck Balancing Machines, Brazing Rods, Heresite Paint, all types of Industrial Chemicals.  The parent company is M/s Ebrahim Al-Jassim Sons Trading Co Ltd., Dammam Saudi Arabia – over 40 years old well established group in .
Reporting 
Reporting to Managing Director & Director Operations.
Responsibilities:
LOGISTICS:
Well versed with Import Export regulations in UAE.
Well versed with shipping terminology.
Well versed with Refund of customs duty process.
Well versed with Approval Procedure of Dubai Municipality for import of Dangerous Goods.
Well versed with SASO certification for export of engineering item to .
Have excellent contact with leading freight forwarding companies in .
Have excellent contact with COSRACO, VASCO GLOBAL MARITIME etc.
Generating Export documents.
Preparing Letter of Credit application for imports
Checking correctness of Export L/Cs and seeking amendments.
Releasing Request for Quotations (RFQs) on various suppliers.
Preparing comparative of the offers received.
Issuing Import purchase orders for Refrigerant Gases / misc. items both for Seltrade as well as parent company i.e. Ebrahim Al-Jassim Sons Trading Co Ltd., 

CO-ORDINATION

Responsible for entire communication for Director Operations.
Daily monitoring of all warehouse (in-out) activities.
Generating Local  Invoices.
Maintaining Inventory Sheet for all local and direct sales.
Maintaining consolidated report for all the orders placed month-wise, customer-wise, product-wise & supplier-wise.
Maintaining commission statement – supplier-wise, customer-wise.
Issuing Commission Debit Notes.
Maintaining Refrigerant Gases price list.
Follow-ups with overseas customers’ for their new requirements.
Giving product related presentations to fellow staff members on a regular basis

From beginning Jan 2011, am assigned the responsibility of International Sales & I have successfully been able to secure quite a few orders from UAE as well as overseas customers.
Appreciation: Have been appreciated 4 times for my dedication towards the work by Management of the Company during my tenure. 

1993 Dec to 2006 Dec		Worked with Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited – designated as Sr. Officer Exports in Int’l Business 
Division, New Delhi, India.
Reporting & Responsibilities:
-	Reporting to Sr. General Manager.
-	Execution of Export orders.
-	Checking letter of Credit
-	Follow up with the customers for outstanding payments etc.
-	Solely responsible for month’s billing.
-	Co-ordination with Plant.
-	Co-ordination with Commercial, Shipping and Finance Department.
-	Export Marketing of Hydrochloric Acid.
-	Legalization of shipping documents.
-	Solely responsible for overseas Agent’s commission / customer’s claim payments.
-	Floating inquiries for various Raw Materials
-	Releasing Purchase orders.
-	Responsible for  office staff salary matters.
-	ISO certification Audits.  The company was accredited with ISO 9001 (2000) certificate & I have attended the entire process.

1988 to 1993 in following Co’s  :
1.	M/s Intercorp Industries Ltd (now known as Intercorp Biotech Ltd),  for a period of around 2 years – reporting to M.D. 
Appreciation letters:
Firstly at the time of Co’s participation in INDIAN RAILWAYS MULTI CRORE TENDER, &
Secondly for organizing the MoU SIGNING ceremony at Hotel le Meridian, New Delhi between Intercorp and Government of Arunachal Pradesh. 

2.	M/s CMC Limited (a Govt. of India Enterprise) for about 1 year on a temporary assignment.

3.	M/s Nathani Steels Limited,  for about 2.5 years.  The company was manufacturing stainless Steel Containers and exporting to the then USSR.  I was based in  and was responsible for Liaison work with various ministries.





