Curriculum Vitae

RITESH YADAV 
Contact No:-+91-8860043100                                           
E-mail:-riteshyadav42@gmail.com

Career Objective:-  To achieve the aims and goals of the organization with complete dedication, devotion, perseverance, professionalism and a spirit of teamwork, I want to serve the industry with full of my experience and knowledge.

Phoenix Lamps Ltd. (Formerly known as Halonix Limited) has emerged as the largest manufacturer of Automotive Lighting. Capitalizing On technologically superior three state-of-the-art manufacturing plants, we are able to successfully cater. To the growing needs of our products in the Aftermarket, Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) Market and across the globe. We are committed to providing the highest quality standards while we constantly maintain the sustainability of our business. We have been accredited with ISO 9001: 9008, ISO/TS 16949: 2009, ISO 14001: 2004 and OHSAS 18001: 2007 & SA -8000:2008 certificates, which Is a clear evidence of our superior performance and commitment towards achieving excellence. And Supplies to leading automobile industries like Halonix Technologies Limited, International Lamps Holding Company S.A., Luxlite Lamps S.A., Luxembourg and Trifa Lamps Germany.

Working Exp.: - 
Presently working with Phoenix Lamps LTD. (Formerly known as Halonix Limited) N. S.E.Z (Noida) as a Store Executive (working in SAP Software) from 26-March-014 to till Date………….

Job Responsibilities: -
Working with SAP like MIGO & Stock Related activity etc.
To exercise general control over all activities like receiving, issue, FIFO & 5S in Stores Department.
Physical verification as per Invoice of incoming material, outgoing material and finish good.
Ensure material receipt with Gate Entry, Rate & tax verification with PO, GRN Preparation and Clearance & submit documents to Account & Excise Department.
Prepare Daily & weekly Raw material, maintenance, tool and Consumable items availability report.
Issue material to job workers along with proper documentation & Keeping an accountability of the same.
FIFO/LIFO Application whiles issuing material & maintains shelf life of expiry items.
Monitoring of job work challan (57F4), GRN, RGP and NRGP.
Maintain ST38 (Road permit) Record.
Maintain minimum and maximum stock level, Raw materials, Tool and Maintenance & Consumable Material.
To initiate purchase  requisitions  for the  replacement  of  stock of all regular  stores items whenever the  stock level of any  item of  store  approaches the re-order limit fixed in respect thereof.
To initiate action for stoppage of further purchasing when the stock level approaches the maximum limit.       
Preparation of various Inventory reports, viz. Inventory status, Inventory status period, ABC analysis, Non-moving / Slow moving items in SAP time to time.
Co-ordination with purchase, PPC, finance, S.Q.A & maintenance dept for material & payment related.
Follow-up with suppliers & buyer for material supplies in time to meet the rollout requirement etc.
Warehouse Management 
a) Controlling the inventory through ABC analysis & SIC.
b) Regular clean up of scrap.
Monitoring the FIFO/LIFO method for better inventory flow.
Stock Reconciliation on Monthly & Early basis of materials with SAP.
To ensure the paperwork and accurate records of all transactions of every item are updated as per audit requirement.
Monitoring the Bins card.
Preparations of rejection (RTV) invoices and dispatch the material to the respective 

Worked with M/s Royal Autotech  (P) Ltd. Faridabad, as corporate sales coordinator  since March 2012 to sept.2012.

Worked with M/s Indo INDO AUTOTECH LTD.Faridabad as Store Executive Since Dec. 2012 to March 2014.

     Professional Qualification:-
 M.B.A with Supply chain and IT from N.I.M.S ,New Delhi 2014.
 B.C.A(bachelor of computer application) from MDU  ROHTAK 2012.
      Educational Qualification:-
12th (comm.) from saraswati shishu sadan sr sec school tigaon  2009.
10th from saraswati shishu sadan sr sec school tigaon 2007.
     Computer Skills.-
Ms. Word, Excel & Internet.
Knowledge of SAP System (MM Module).

     Training.-
5S Training.
KAIZEN ROLL System Training.
Kanban system.
During Indo:-
Achieved zero line stoppage at customer end.
Implemented Packaging Standard for raw material.
Implemented the Bin Card.
Implemented the FIFO system through gravity chute.

Personal Particulars:-

             Father’s Name                                      Mr Dharampal                     
             Date of birth                                         09-10-1991
             Village                                                    Allipur                                                                                
             Post                                                        Allipur           
             Distt.                                                      Faridabad (H.R)
             Nationality                                              Indian
             Marital Status                                          Unmarried
             Language Known                                    Hindi & English 
             Hobbies                                                  Reading Books, playing.
             


                                                                                                                                  
 Declaration:- 
 I hereby declare that the above information is correct and complete to the best of my  
 Knowledge. 



	




Date: - ……..........
Place: - ……….....                                                                                 (Ritesh Yadav)

	


