




N.BHASKARREDDY

E-mail: bhaskar.mw@gmail.com


Phone:                                                         91-9885667530





Objective:




   Intend to  build  a  career  with  leading  corporate  with  committed  &
   dedicated people, which will help me to explore myself fully and  realize
   my potential. Willing to work as a key player in challenging  &  creative
   environment





ACADEMIC PROFILE:



   1. Post Diploma In REFRIGERATION AND AIR CONDITIONING (PDRAC) passed in
      Distinction with 87.22% from G.I.P.D.C.E &T (S.B.T.E.T) - TIRUPATHI.




   2. DIPLOMA IN MECHANICAL ENGINEERING (DME) Passed in first class with
      62.38% from S.V. Govt. polytechnic, TIRUPATHI.




   3. Pursuing ENGINEERING correspondence from Acharya Nagarjuna University
      -INDIA.




      4. Proficient in MS Office, AutoCAD.













Functional skills:




    .  Thorough  knowledge  of  the  principles  of  air  conditioning   and
      refrigeration;  of  the  practices  and   techniques   used   in   the
      installation, repair and maintenance of HVAC equipment and systems.
    . Deep knowledge of refrigerant types,  environmental  impact,  and  gas
      reclamation procedures and equipment.
    . Exceptional knowledge of basic mathematics including area, volume, and
      weights and  the  practical  application  on  fractions,  percentages,
      ratios, and proportions.
    .  Uncommon  skill  in  the  installation,  repair  and  maintenance  of
      commercial or industrial HVAC equipment and systems.
    . Remarkable ability in reading and interpreting blueprints, schematics,
      drawings, specifications, and construction documents.
    . Strong ability to read and understand  manufacturer's  recommendations
      regarding  scheduled  and  preventive   maintenance,   servicing   and
      operation
    .  In-depth  ability  to  prepare  written   reports;   to   communicate
      effectively both orally and in writing; to work in, on,  around,  over
      and under fixed equipment and machinery.
    . Immense  ability  to  concurrently  manipulate  multiple  controls  on
      machinery  or  equipment;  to  work   in   hazardous   or   irritating
      environments, confined spaces,  and  adverse  weather  or  temperature
      conditions.
Responsibilities:

      . To plan and schedule the work and efficiently organize the site  in
        order to meet an agreed programs of deadlines.
      . To attend regular meetings with clients and keeping  them  informed
        of progress.
      . To monitor the work of any subcontractors to complete the  work  as
        per customer's satisfaction.
      . To oversee quality control and  safety  matters  on  the  site  and
        ensure that regulations are adhered to.
      . To resolve any unexpected technical difficulties and other problems
        that may arise at any time.
      . To prepare necessary paperwork for the completion of work  and  get
        it authorized by the client after their inspection.
      . To prepare periodical reports on the progress of work.



WORKING EXPERIENCE: (7.5 Years )
LG Electronics India Pvt Ltd (AUG 2010 TO TILL DATE)

Working  as  a  Sr.Executive   II   -Projects   &   Service   -   Commercial
Airconditioning Division.

   1. AMC offer generation and timely submission to customers.


   2. Audit of MSL at branch level on monthly basis.

   3. Collection of the Projects files from the Sales  executives  with  all
      details i.e. Order  copy,  Payment  details,  tentative  Handing  over
      dates, Heat load details;  design  Drawings,  Customers,  Consultants,
      Architects & PMC at the time of OPF.

   4. Quality & timely  execution  of  the  projects  according  to  the  LG
      standards.


   5. Timely certification & submission of monthly RA bill to  the  customer
      and payment follow up.

   6. To attend  Regular  "on  site"  meetings  with  Customer,  Architects,
      Consultants & PMC for the regular updates on projects.

   7. Equipments follow up with the Logistics for projects.

   8. Final documentation, handing over, Warranty establishment,  Escalation
      chart, Final payments collection and final billing in system.

   9. Issue of final payments to dealers and closing the  file  and  handing
      over to Service team.

  10. Monthly once visit dealer & report as per the guide line & each dealer
      evaluation need to be done monthly on the basis of site visit.

  11. Monthly submission of Monthly Information System (MIS) reports to HO.


      Projects Handled (Visakhapatnam)
     1) Indigo Nation - Showroom (CASSETTE A/C's)
     2) SBI COMMERCIAL BRANCH - Bank (Ductable Split Units)
     3) SBI General Insurance - Bank (CASSETTE A/C's)
     4) Hobel Bellows - Labaratory (VRF SYSTEMS)
     5) Aravind Stores - Showroom (CASSETTE A/C's)
     6) Cairn Energy India Limited - Factory (PACKAGE AIRCONDITIONERS)
     7) Villas - Villa Rushikonda (VRF SYSTEMS)
     8) Brandix Apparel City - Industry (TOWER A/C's)
     9) State Bank of India (Anakapalli Branch) - (PACKAGE A/C,s)
     10) State Bank of Hyderabad (Anakapalli Branch)-(Ductable Split Units)

          Projects Handled (Hyderabad)

   1) Lazarus Hospital - Lakadikapool - 176 HP - VRF
   2) Life Shine Hospital - ECIL - 276 HP - VRF
   3) Electronics Corporation of India Limited - 116 HP - VRF
   4) Mahindra Retail - Mom & Me (Outlets) - 120 TR - CCDS
   5) Aero Club - Woodland Showrooms - 50 TR - Cassette Acs



M/S.ETA - Ascon Group of Companies L.L.C M&E Division, Dubai

One of the leading Electro-Mechanical (MEP) Contractors in the  Middle  East
accredited with ISO 9001:2000 Certification



       Worked as a HVAC Supervisor (JAN 2009 TO AUG 2010)

      As an HVAC Supervisor my responsibility is to ensure that the  Heating
      Ventilation  and  Air  Conditioning  installation  activities  to   be
      performed at  site,  are  executed  in  accordance  with  the  Project
      drawings, Specifications and good     workmanship practice.

      1) Ensures that the activity carried by the Subcontractor are in  line
      with the Project Specifications    and schedule (installation  of  the
      HVAC equipments, chillers,  ahu's,  fcu's,  piping,  air  ducts,  etc.


      2) Ensures that the activities are carried according the required  HSE
      standards.

      3) Ensures that the complete set of Project documents have been handed
      over to the subcontractor.

      4) Ensures that all the necessary testing equipment are available  and
      fit for purpose.

      5) Ensures that all the HVAC piping, ducting and equipment  are  ready
      to be
           Processed    in accordance with the current schedule.

       6) Prepares the site daily activity log.


       7) Verifies and approves all the HVAC  commissioning  procedures  and
      ensures the issue of the relevant QA documentation.


       8) Monitors the progress of activities  and  ensures  the  continuous
      assessment    of the quantities installed.

       9) Ensures the Subcontractor Quality standard  achieves  the  Project
      requirements.

       10)  Monitors  the  manpower  level  of  the  Subcontractor,  through
      periodical          audits.


        11)  Assisting  Draftsman  in  preparing  shop  drawings,   as-built
      drawings.



      1. Project  :    BUSINESS BAY EXECUTIVE TOWERS- DCP
                  (DISTRICT COOLING PLANT)

           Client            :    M/s. Empower

       Engineer        :     M/s. Vanderweil Engineers LLP.


       MEP consultant  :     M/s. Mario Associates


       Main Contractor :     M/s. Gulf District Cooling LLC.


The scope  of  work  comprises  construction  of  chiller  plant  with  high
capacity pumps, Cooling Towers, heat  exchangers,  Expansion  Tank  and  Air
Separators. Centrifugal compressor motors  are  3.3KV  with  1500KVA  backup
generator for emergency. The entire system is being controlled by  state-of-
art SCADA system.


        2. Project                :        DLC headquarters and office  park
                            (HIGH RISE BUILDING)


      Client                  :   Government of Dubai Department  of  civil
                            aviation

       Engineer        :     DAR & ADPI


       Main Contractor       :     MA KARAFI & SONS


       MEP Contractor  :     ETA M&E Division





M+W Zander Facility Engineering (India) Pvt Ltd (HYDERABAD)



      A Leading MNC company in Clean room HVAC systems for  better  tomorrow
      in an Organization that respect human values and encourage creativity.
      Technically collaborated with Germany and Singapore.




   Worked as a Site Engineer (SEP 2006 TO DEC 2008).


      Execution of HVAC projects for clean room applications and comprise of
      following few day-to-day key activities.

      1.The project works comprise of

      i). Assembling of complete  knock-down  Air  Handling  Units  parts  &
      accessories as
          per GA drawing, Installation of AHU as per shop drawings at site.
      ii). Providing of the Chilled water manifolds and  connecting  to  the
      main headers.
      iii). Site fabricated ducts, pressure testing of main ducts as per DW-
      142,
           installation of ducts.
      iv). Providing of insulation for Chilled water piping and for ducts
      v). Installation of HEPA  filter  modules,  fixing  of  HEPA  filters,
      interconnection of
           branch ducts to HEPA filters modules.
      vi). Providing of Dust collectors and its ducting.
      vii). Providing of Return Air Risers and its accessories.


      2. Preparing of project schedules

      3. Meeting the client to obtain the clearances &  necessary  approvals
      for executing the projects works.

      4.  Coordinating  and  following   up   with   office,   vendors   and
      manufacturers for timely delivery of material.

      5. Coordinating the client's stores officials to enter the material in
      their stores and obtain the GRNs and  obtaining  the  material  issues
      from the stores for execution.

      6. Mobilizing the contract  employees  to  the  work,  motivating  all
      teams, guiding & clarifying their queries for smooth completion of the
      project.
















      7. Trail  runs  of  system,  testing,  commissioning,  validation  and
      handing over of system. These act ivies  are  comprised  of  following
      tests.

      i). Hydraulic testing of chilled water piping.
      ii). Ensuring of sealants for all ducts, AHUs, Clean room panels gaps.
      iii). Air balancing test.
      iv). HEPA filters integrity test.
      v). Air-flow pattern test
      vi). Pressure gradients test between the rooms
      vii). Particle count test
      viii). Temperature & RH mapping test.
      ix).  Recovery test.




Projects  Handled :

      1.Shantha Biotechnics Ltd, R.R.Dist., India.


      i).HVAC system  for Ware House Blocks clean room of Class 1000 & 10000
      of     1500 sqmt  for Blocks D, E, F, G & H.


      2.Dr.Reddy's Laboratories Ltd, Bachupally, RR Dist., Hyderabad,  A.P.,
      India.


      i). HVAC system for API clean room project of Class 100000  of  87,000
   sft for
          Formulation plant (FTO-III).
      ii). HVAC system for API  clean  room  project  of  Class  100000  for
   Tacrolimous
          potent product.
      iii). HVAC system for API clean room project of Class 100000 for
           TSV & WH Project.


      3.Dr.Reddy's Laboratories Ltd, Unit-IV, Bollaram, RR Dist., Hyderabad,
      A.P., India.


        i). HVAC system for API clean room project of Class 100000 for
            API pellets product.
        ii). HVAC system for API clean room project  of  Class  100000  for
      Ware House.











Satish Dhawan Space Centre - ISRO - SHAR :




        Worked as a Trainee from (AUG 2005 TO AUG 2006)




      . Maintenance, servicing, Trouble shooting and operation of  580  TR,
        45 TR, 120 TR, Air conditioning plants - central and packaged.
      . Made repairs and  adjustments  to  associated  equipment,  such  as
        compressors, pumps, ventilating fans, and air conditioning  control
        systems.
      . Checked v-belts, lubricated fan bearings, replaced air filters, and
        purified media on air handlers.checked all operational  and  safety
        controls.
      . Checked suction and discharges pressure,  checked  for  refrigerant
        leaks, evacuated and  recharged  system  on  air  conditioning  and
        condensing unit.
      . Took and recorded all temperatures  and  pressures  throughout  the
        system, purged air from the machines, checked condenser  coils  for
        fouling, checked all operational and safety controls on chillers.
      . Responded to calls for emergency repair service.
      . Maintained time clocks, thermostats, and other controls.
      .  Periodically  disassembled  and  overhauled  large   reciprocating
        compressors and related equipment.
      . Maintained operating logs and related records.
      . Descaling of Condensers.
      . Maintenance of AHUs, Cooling Towers.

Personal Profile:




       Father's Name         :     LATE N.SRIRAMULU REDDY

      Date of Birth                :    08-08-1984

      Languages Known        :     English, Hindi and Telugu.

      Permanent Address      :     S/o. LATE N.SRIRAMULU REDDY

                                  FlatNo.302,Sri  Sai  Nilaya  Towers,Street
                                  No.3,Vani Nagar,Malkajgiri,Hyderabad, A.P,
                                  India .

                                                   cell: 919885667530.














Declaration:




   I consider myself familiar with my skills and I am also confident  of  my
   ability to work in your organization.

   I here by declare that the information furnished above  is  true  to  the
   best of my knowledge.










Date:

Place:


                                                       (N.BHASKAR REDDY)

