						RESUME

Gaurav Sharma 
S/o Sh. Ashok Sharma

Address	:	H.No.102, Ward No. 2, 18E, Hospital area,
			Nilokheri (Karnal), Haryana-132117.
+9198961-55059 (M) 
E-mail ID	:	gaurav441988@gmail.com, gaurav441988@yahoo.com
Date of Birth	: 	April 04, 1988
Passport No	:	J-0841157
Driving license	: 	DL/KRL/3603/07-08


Objective	:	To secure a promising position that offers both a challenge and a good opportunity for growth 

Professional Profile	:	Engineering professional with strong Technical Educational background. Effective at combining creative thinking with logical design ideas to develop solutions to challenging problems. Excellent verbal and written skills with a detail-oriented approach for completing projects. Enthusiastic learner who quickly grasps concepts & technical skills. A seasoned professional with nearly 3 years of experience in (Project Operations, Manufacturing Operations, Maintenance Operations, Cost Reduction). 
Currently designated with Shakti Bhog Foods Limited as Project – Engineer (Executive Engineer). Proven capability and experience to handle project setting up operations & managing manufacturing operations, equipment & utilities with proven abilities in reducing downtime and enhancing operational efficiencies. Optimize resource & capacity utilization; escalate productivity & operational efficiencies while curtailing costs / expenses. Expertise in implementing cost saving measures to achieve substantial reduction in terms of man-days, production cost, raw materials and energy consumption. Excellent people skills with strong operational capabilities. Strong commercial acumen and strategic thinking. Decision making and on the spot thought and action with Get It Done approach, An effective communicator with exceptional relationship management skills with ability to relate to people at any level of business


Working History: 

1)	Employer	:	SHAKTI BHOG FOODS LTD.   
Designation	: 	Project Engineer cum Executive Mechanical Engg 
(Working on Project of 8TPH Boiler & 12TPH Milling Plant) Complete Installation 
Period		: 	Since. April 2011 
Job Profile and Responsibilities 	:       

Monitor employees' work levels and review work performance.
Requisition materials and supplies, such as tools, equipment, and replacement parts.
Perform skilled repair and maintenance operations, using equipment such as hand and power tools, hydraulic presses and shears, and welding equipment.
Recommend or initiate personnel actions, such as hires, promotions, transfers, discharges, and disciplinary measures.
Conduct or arrange for worker training in safety, repair, and maintenance techniques, operational procedures, or equipment use.
Inspect, test, and measure completed work, using devices such as hand tools and gauges to verify conformance to standards and repair requirements.
Interpret specifications, blueprints, and job orders to construct templates and lay out reference points for workers.
Monitor tool and part inventories and the condition and maintenance of shops to ensure adequate working conditions.
Investigate accidents and injuries, and prepare reports of findings.
Meet with vendors and suppliers to discuss products used in repair work.
Develop, implement, and evaluate maintenance policies and procedures.
Participate in budget preparation and administration, coordinating purchasing and documentation, and monitoring departmental expenditures.
Determine schedules, sequences, and assignments for work activities, based on work priority, quantity of equipment and skill of personnel.
Counsel employees about work-related issues and assist employees to correct job-skill deficiencies.
Manage the all data of all working site
Compile operational and personnel records, such as time and production records, inventory data, repair and maintenance statistics, and test results.
Participate in budget preparation and administration, coordinating purchasing and documentation, and monitoring departmental expenditures.
Examine objects, systems, or facilities, and analyze information to determine needed installations, services, or repairs.
Inspect and monitor work areas, examine tools and equipment, and provide employee safety training to prevent, detect, and correct unsafe conditions or violations of procedures and safety rules.
Review, evaluate, accept, and coordinate completion of work bid from contractors.
Confer with personnel, such as management, engineering, quality control, customer, and union workers' representatives, to coordinate work activities, resolve employee grievances, and identify and review resource needs.
Compute estimates and actual costs of factors such as materials, labor, and outside contractors.
Design equipment configurations to meet personnel needs.
Execution of Project Planning, Materials Management for sites, Daily Review of ongoing work. Ensuring uninterrupted flow of Project work
Laser Leveling with laser Level Machine.
Coordinating and conferring with HODs of different deptt like Purchase, PPC etc.


2)	Employer	:	PAHARPUR COOLING TOWERS LTD. 
Designation	: 	Mechanical Engg. 
Period		: 	September, 2008 – September 2010
Job Profile and Responsibilities	:       	

Complete Co-ordination with Site Acquisition Deptt i.e. with site supervisors & contractors and maintain the progress report of the project.
Complete Supervision of work in progress and to prepare the measurement of various works.
Survey of various sites and Checking of work according to specification & Route Survey and Reconciliation of Material.
Inspect, test, and measure completed work, using devices such as hand tools and gauges to verify conformance to standards and repair requirements.
Interpret specifications, blueprints, and job orders to construct templates and lay out reference points for workers.
Monitor tool and part inventories and the condition and maintenance of shops to ensure adequate working conditions.
Coordinating and conferring with HODs of different deptt like Purchase, PPC etc


Education	:
Technical Qualification:
B.tech in Mechanical Engg. From Rajasthan Vidyapeeth University Rajasthan 65.85% (2008-2011).
Three years Diploma in Mechanical Engineering from Sheri Krishan Polytechnic, Kurukshetra, Haryana 61.16 % (2005-2008).
One Year ITI in Computer Science from Tata InfoTech Education Nilokheri, Haryana A Grad (2002 –2003) 
Three Months CAD & Pro-E Diploma from ATS CADD Core Pvt. Ltd. Kurukshetra, Haryana A Grad  

Academic Qualification: 
Metric from Haryana State Board of Education Bhiwani.
 
ITI Training:		I got training of 60 days during which  installation of computers and assembling. Installation of software’s etc. forms Tata InfoTech Education. I got a chance to acquaint myself to the various techniques, equipments & their functions of computers.
	
ITI Project:		25 computers installation and assembling in Hartron. Computer Education Center. Nilokheri 

Diploma Training: 	I was deputed to the deptt. of Tube Shop at ISGEC, Yamunanager for a period of 45 days during which I had the opportunity to work with a project using MIG and TIG welding. I got a chance to acquaint myself to the various techniques, equipments & their functions.

Diploma Projects:	Automobile and its factions. Working of Diesel Engine and Patrol Engine. Modify a car with four Stork patrol engine1200cc. Four Gear transmission and reverse. It was a five setter car. I had a team for this project. we were seven students in this project. I was monitor of the project. 
			  
B.tech Training:	
My Work experience is Part of B.tech Training. I have gained lots of practically knowledge. to my employers. I worked with Paharpur Cooling Tower ltd in Bhatinda (Punjab). There I was got training of six month with skilled IBR Welder, Workers and Engineers which I had the opportunity to work with project using Arc welding and it testing points 

B.tech Projects:	Study of Transport Systems (Road, Aerospace, Rail) ways  

Roadway Systems – Automotive Technology, Car Development Processes, Methods for Car Development
Railway Systems – Railway Engineering General Interactions of Modules of a Railway System with Surrounding Conditions, Track, Running Gears, Superstructures, Vehicles, Coupling Systems, Safety, Air Conditioning 
Aerospace Engineering – Aerospace Industry, Aircraft, Spacecraft, Definitions, Flight Performance Equations,
Airplane Aerodynamic Characteristics, Airplane General Arrangements, Weights, Aircraft Performance, Stability and Control, Loads, Airplane Structure, Airplane Maintenance Checks

Related Skills:
Spreadsheet software — Microsoft Excel; Spreadsheet software
Graphics or photo imaging software — Adobe Systems Adobe Illustrator; Adobe Systems Adobe Photoshop software; Corel CorelDraw Graphics Suite; Corel Paint Shop Pro
Computer aided design CAD software — Autodesk AutoCAD software; PTC Pro/ENGINEER software; Solid Works CAD software
Internet browser software — Web browser software
Language — English, Hindi and Punjabi.


Personal Details:  

I work Hardly with Concentration. 
I like Dance and Play Guitar.
I like Adventures Tours.
I like Pool and Snooker.

Declaration: I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.


Date………………
Place……………..									GAURAV SHARMA