

Mohd Umair Khan




163,ABUNAGAR,NEAR JAMA MASJID
                          FATEHPUR(UP)-212601
Mobile - 95994 28433
E-mail- umairkhanftp@gmail.com

CAREER OBJECTIVE

To work in a challenging and intellectually stimulating environment that
offers avenues for growth, based on capabilities and hard work. I want to
do Job in your company to utilize and enhance my knowledge and to create
value.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Currently working as Design &Planning Engineer with  Zamil Air
Conditioners India Pvt. Ltd.

EDUCATIONAL DETAILS

Bachelor of Technology(Hons.)            UPTU
             80%             2014
Intermediate                                          CBSE
                           86%             2010
High School                                            CBSE
                          84%            2008
P.G.Diploma in HVAC from ISHRAE.

RESPONSIBILITIES

 . Interaction with the Customer, Consultant, Architect and other agencies
   for necessary approvals of technical submittals & shop drawings.
   Interaction with the Customer, Consultant, Architect and other agencies
   for necessary approvals of technical submittals & shop drawings.

 . Supporting sales team by designing system & preparing BOQ for bidding (in
   case of design & built projects).

 . Equipment selection as per contract & job requirement, adding value
   engineering for improvement of system.

 . Ordering of equipments & other materials as per the requirement & its
   follow up for timely delivery at site, as per project schedule.

 . Finalization and taking approval of Quality Assurance plan for different
   equipments required for the project and getting material inspected /
   cleared as per the same.

 . Supporting Procurement team in negotiations & finalization of equipments
   orders.

 . Supporting execution team for smooth execution at site.

 . Nurture and build relationship with major consultants & clients for
   future business.

PROJECT DETAILS

 . Designing of HVAC system which involves Heat Load calculation, AHU
   Selection, pump selection, Piping design, pipe routing, duct design, duct
   routing, Fan selection,etc. Preparation
of design brief report, BOQ,Tender.
 . Currently working on projects like :-

 . Grand Mercure Hotel, Mysore
 . Medics International Hospital, Lucknow
 . Ascendas IT Park, Gurgaon
 . VITP IT Park , Hyderabad
 . ZEE Studio , Jaipur

STRENGTHS

    . Passion towards the HVAC technology.
    . Good communication skill and positive outlook.
    . Confidence and strong will power.
    . Punctual, team man, energetic and enthusiastic
    . Hard working and willingness to learn new things.

PERSONAL PROFILE

Name:                                      Mohd Umair Khan
Date of Birth:                         16th October, 1992
Father's Name:                      Mr. Nooruddin khan
Hobbies:                             Reading technical journals,
playing cricket, listening music, going for
                                            adventurous trips and
exploring new places.

DECLARATION
I certify that all the information provided by me in this application
is correct and complete to the best of my knowledge.


Date:-
                                                    (Mohd Umair Khan)
