RESUME
ARATA SAHOO, CAT U.K.
Address: CSIR Scientist Apartment, Qr. No. ES-2, Maharani Bagh, New Delhi-110065
Email: arat_sahoo786@yahoo.co.in 
Mobile+91-7827382932 

Position:	
	ACCOUNTANT
Qualifications:
	Bachelor Degree from Utkal University, 1999
	Pursuing CAT through ACCA from U.K. (Reg. No. 1990099), three paper pending. 
Proactive and dynamic accounts payable and receivable with extensive experience acquired from the most challenging environment.
	Over 11 years of Finance/Accounting experience
	Expert in accounts payable and receivable.
	Ability to apply accounting standards into practical use
	Finance and accounting background acquired from service sector, trading, manufacturing  
      Unit and construction.
	Audit experience from diverse companies
CAREER OBJECTIVE 
A challenging and responsible career opportunity, with a positive attitude to change, excellent interpersonal relation skill, success oriented good communication and organization abilities, ability to meet deadlines, where I can effectively use and apply my diversified, and extensive knowledge exposure and ultimately prove to be a valuable asset to the company.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
MIDMAC CONTRACTING CO. W.L.L., DOHA, QATAR        				02/2007 – 09/2011	
Join as a PAYROLL CLERK (Feb. 2007 to Feb. 2008)
Promoted as an ACCOUNTANT (Fab.2008 to Sep.2011)

Monitoring of all Payables and Receivables Payment and received.
Handling the Supplier’s, Subcontractor and Group payment (Foreign as well as local)
Review invoices (SRV) to ensure that they meet all requirements for payment and approvals for payment have been obtained.
Prepare and process all LC documents and coordinate with bank and supplies for their query.
Process all payment through ageing report from computerized systems.
Prepare and process monthly cheques and bank transfer order for supplier’s, Sub Contractors and Rental suppliers. 
Supplier reconciliation and communicate with supplier’s ensuring accounts are handled politely and effectively and resolve invoice discrepancies/billing issues.
Payment of Utility bills like Q-TEL, KHARAMA and WITHHOLDING TAX etc.
Review bank statements, Reconciliation of Cash Accounts, Debtors and Creditors ledgers.
Reviewing bank-wise remittances, properly check bank charges and enter all bank transaction in systems.
Allocate all payment based on their transaction.
Prepare and process monthly bank reconciliation during the monthly close.
Reviewing and ensuring set of books by all entries, financial transactions, pre-payments, accruals, fixed assets, liabilities and income are correctly recorded.
Support and participate in all accounting activities during the monthly/quarterly close, including the preparation of account reconciliations
Compile and analyze financial information to prepare entries to accounts, such as general ledger accounts, and business transactions.
Helping in Monthly MIS reports and preparing provisional entries.
 Handling Office Petty Cash, PRO Petty cash and Assisting PRO in Visa related activities.
 Handle financial accounts and supervision of entire accounts department day to day works Conducted. 
 Monitoring all accounting documents and ensuring its accuracy and eligibility through authorized signatures and approvals. 
Developing and implementing effective financial techniques in managing petty cash and fixed assets. 
 Assisting Senior Accountant in preparation of Trial Balance, Profit & Loss Account and Balance Sheet.
 Analyze financial transactions, determine accuracy, completeness and conformance to established policies and procedures and generally accepted accounting standards.
Co-coordinating with the Auditors for internal as well as external auditing.
Maintaining the accuracy and authenticity of monthly and yearly General Ledger.		




	 
REIZ Electro Controls Pvt. Ltd., Gurgaon, Haryana (India) 				08/2004 – 01/2007
Accounting and Branch Manager
Attending to queries from Labour, E.S.I, & P.F. Department Officer.
Prepare assignment for taking C.C. Limit from bank, attending meeting with Bank Officials. 
Preparation of Export & Import documents for Term Loan / Packing Credit limit () against L.C.
Handling Personnel Department activities including salary preparation for director, staff and workers.
Interviewing candidates and select employees and fixing their terms and conditions.
Responsible for timely submit EXCISE, Sales Tax,  and Income Tax, E.S.I. & P.F. monthly, quarterly taxes and return. 
Maintain Debtors and Creditors accounts, Interaction with Customers and suppliers. 
Responsible for monthly Management Report like Cash Flow, Ageing of Debtors and Creditors.
Responsible  of bank and suppliers reconciliation statements
Follow up of Payments with local and outside buyers
Attending to audit queries.

	 
Micro Chem Lab, New Delhi, India						01/2004 – 07/2004
 ACCOUNTS EXECUTIVE
                               
Responsible for day-to-day entries of accounts, maintain all cash and bank transaction.
Preparing monthly bank reconciliation statement.
Preparing cheques for suppliers and salary.
Preparation of quarterly VAT return and filing with Sales Tax Department.

	 
 Vinod Bhatia & Associates (Charted Accountants) New Delhi, India			02/2000 – 12/2003
ARTICLE CLERK

Responsible for preparation of Client Voucher and entry in the computer.
Computation Chart and Income Tax return for filing.
Calculation and deduction of tax from various source of payments like salary, contract, professional, rent and interest etc.
Preparation and filing of Monthly / Quarterly Sales Tax Return, Sales Tax Summery, registration and preparation of cases for scrutiny and appeal.



Other Details:
Passport Details  
Passport No		: F3480491
Place of Issue		: Delhi
Date of Issue		: 28stJune 2005
Expiry Date		: 27thJune 2015


Passport Details  
Nationality		: Indian
Religion			: Hindu
Languages known	: English, Hindi, Oriya
Sex	 		: Male


The above information furnished is right as per best of my knowledge. 
Arata Sahoo
 
Date:										Signature. 
Delhi