
                                      CURRICULUM - VITAE

Abubakra
 Sales Assistant

 India Mobile: +91-9198003924   E-mail: Abubakr.lko@gmail.com
               [pic]

PERSONAL SUMMARY

A smart, conscientious and customer focused shop  assistant  with  extensive
experience of selling, stocking and ordering merchandise  in  a  retail  and
sales operation. Able to converse in a courteous and polite  manner.  Always
paying specific attention to detail, and  having  a  approachable,  cheerful
and friendly attitude. Currently  looking  for  a  suitable  shop  assistant
position in a exciting retail outlet that offers  significant  opportunities
for career progression.
    To be able to work and be a part of your prestigious company that would
further enhance the knowledge and the discipline built in me and would give
me an opportunity to learn and handle new things and tasks.
Duties:
    . Operating the tills, including cashing up and completing paper work at
      the start and end of shift.
    . Assisting customers in the selection and purchase of items.
    . Completing sales sheets at the end of the day.
    . Ensuring that the shop counter is always manned.
    . Processing cash and credit card transactions accurately & efficiently.
    . Managing the till, taking money from customers and hanging out
      receipts.
    . When required wrapping up purchased items for customers.
    . Following policies & procedures relating to cash & stock handling.
    . Checking the inventory listing with actual stock on the shop shelves
      and reporting and discrepancies to managers.
    . Keeping merchandise orderly and neat in appearance.
    . Handling customer's complaints in a professional and diplomatic way.
    . Keeping the shop floor clean and tidy at all times.
    . Setting up promotional displays.
    . Organizing promotional events.
    . Attending training sessions.
    . Assisting with postal deliveries to customer addresses.
    . Promoting the shop and its products at every opportunity.
    . Daily tracking and reporting to the shop manager.
    . Highlighting special promotions to customers.
    . Restocking the sales areas.
    . Giving expert advice to customers regarding products.
    . Cleaning the shop, hovering, polishing etc.
    . Moving large amounts of stock and merchandise around the shop.

ROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Competencies:
    . Consistently achieving sales targets.
    . Complying with health and safety regulations as laid down in the store
      Health and safety policy.
    . Hard working, self motivated and flexible.
    . Ability to work efficiently and accurately in a fast paced retail
      environment.
    . A real commitment to customer service.
    . An eye for stylish merchandising.
    . Physically fit and have the stamina required to stand on feet all day
      long.
    . Having specialist knowledge of the store products and merchandise.
    . Knowledge of cataloging and inventory techniques.
Personal:
    . Friendly personality and able to engage customers.
    . A strong work ethic and desire to succeed.
    . Smart presentable appearance.
    . Possess a polite and helpful manner.
    . Confident communication skills.
    . Willing to learn.
    . Positive attitude.
    . Confident and articulate.
    . Persuasive and having good influencing skills.
KEY COMPETENCIES AND SKILLS

Stock management
Sales
Client interaction
Negotiating skills


Educational Qualifications

Post Graduate Diploma in Software Technology                        2010
DOEACC Society, Luck now, India

Post Graduate - M.C.A.                                        2010
Maharishi Dayanand University, India

Advanced Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Application
2008
Maharishi Dayanand University, India


Bachelor of Science (ZBC)                                           2007
Amir Ud Daula Islamia, Degree, College, Luck now, India



I.T. Proficiency

Programming Languages  :     C, C++, C#, Visual Basic 6
Web Designing                :    HTML, ASP.net
Operating System       :     MS Dos, Windows 9X/NT/ME/XP/Vista/7/8
Database               :     MS Access, Oracle - SQL
Packages               :     MS Office, Front Page, Crystal Reports
Others                       :    Hardware Networking
Typing Speed                 :    English - 25wpm


Employment History

Support Assistant
        Jan 2012 - Jan 2014
Flash Enterprises, Luck now, India

Sales Representative                                                Sept
2010 - Sept 2011
Rex InfoTech, Luck now, India

 Sales Assistant
                                         July2009-July2010
ABC Computer




Personal Details:
Nationality      :     Indian
Date of Birth          :     19th September 1985
Languages        :     English, Hindi, Urdu
Marital Status         :     Married
Driving license               :           Yes (India)



PASSPORT DETAIL

                                   FILE .NO.                   LKOA13527408
                                   PASSPORT .NO         J2688108
                                   DATE OF ISSUE       16/08/2010
                                   DATE OF EXPIRY    15/08/2020




Declaration

I hereby declare that the information I have given is true and correct to
the best of my knowledge and belief. Hope you will consider my C.V.
favorably and give me positive response.

Thanking you,
Yours faithfully





Date: 19.11.2015
                  Abubakra


















