ANKIT BHARDWAJ 	
F/ 100, Sudershan Park, New Delhi – 110015 (India)                            
Contact: +91 8130107117; Email: ; Date of Birth: 22nd January, 1989Assistant Manager (Property Management)
Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in an Industry that offers professional growth while being resourceful
PROFILE

Qualified B.TECH & Diploma holder in Electrical Engineering with experience across Operations & Maintenance, Breakdown Analysis & Troubleshooting, Electrical Functions and Safety. Currently spearheading as an Assistant Manager with Cbre South Asia since 3 months.
Well versed in fault diagnosis and failure analysis to promptly overcome operational bottlenecks with abilities to handle the entire range of operations and maintenance activities. 
Proficient in implementing planned, preventive and predictive maintenance practices to optimize efficiency with constant endeavors to realize zero downtime. Strong understanding of safety requirements and standards procedure with proven ability to manage the entire maintenance activities with key focus on bottom line profitability.
Focused and hardworking professional equipped with thorough knowledge and technical understanding coupled with an analytic bent of mind and confident to take challenging assignments.
 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

 Cbre South Asia pvt limited.                                                                                                                                  Working since 3 months
  Assistant manager (Property Maintenance)

Maintenance of entire building
Handling the hard services and soft services also.
Maintaining zero breakdown time.
Handling client complaints and resolving them as early and efficiently as possible.
Adopting cost saving measures in client's benefit.
Managing an area of approx 1 lakh sq ft.
Maintaining the Housekeeping/pantry Reports, Check-lists,  Work schedules, Man-power Deployment,
Implementing SOP’’S at the Site.
Conducting Trainings for Security, Housekeeping, and M & E Staff.


Jindal Steel                                                                                                                                                                                                    (1 Year)
      Executive Engineer (Building Maintenance)
Handling corporate building (100000 sq ft), Guest Houses,& Farmhouses.
Managing the HVAC system for the building.
Operation and maintenance of Building through Building Maintenance System(BMS )
Handling the operation of Diesel Generators (D.G’S), Fire Fighting, Plumbing systems.
Handling the complaints and resolving them as early as possible.
Handling the Security Services and Housekeeping Staff.
Maintaining Work schedules at the site.
  
                                                                                                                                                        

MC DONALDS INDIA (CONNAUGHT PLAZA RESTAURANTS PVT LIMITED) ----                                                            1.2 YEARS                       Technical Assistant                                                        
Handling 18-25 McDonalds store in city.
Preparing various PM schedules for all kinds of kitchen equipments.
Managing breakdown calls for store, especially those hampering store’s efficiency.
Analyzing breakdowns with their root cause so that they doesn’t happen in future
Managing Maintenance and Utilities records.
Managing AMC’S and NOC’S for all the stores.
Following up with vendors on everyday breakdown complaints.
Controlling Maintenance & Repair expenditure.

  
KEPPEL BRADY SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED                                                                                                                                         1 Year

Client: Delhi International Airport Limited

Identifying root cause of failures and implementing quick breakdown solutions to put the machines back in operation within minimum turnaround time.
Adroitly monitoring and analyzing the equipments to avoid unexpected breakdown and efficiently handing breakdown & modification by applying various efforts. 
Planning the execution of maintenance activity, observing standard procedures for maintenance and considerably reducing down time.
Preparing documents regarding maintenance history of machines & using it as useful reference to resolve future maintenance issues. 
Achieving reduction in breakdown incidences with deft implementation of proactive maintenance. Implementing corrective and preventive actions. 
Managing the entire gamut of preventive & periodical maintenance activities pertaining to all machineries. 






EDUCATIONAL CREDENTIALS

M.B.A (Operations Management)-Pursuing
Symbiosis University, Pune

B.Tech (Electrical &Electronics Engineering), 
I.P University, Delhi

Diploma in Electrical Engineering, 2007
Board of Technical Education, Delhi

X, 2004
C.B.S.E

Technical Skills
AutoCAD Programming, Microsoft Windows, MS-Office and Internet Application


Training Undergone
SKN BENTEX, specialized in making all kinds of switchgears and three phase starters – One Month
Hobbies: Playing Chess, Traveling and Listening to Music
References: Available on Request



















ANKIT BHARDWAJ 	
F\ 100, Sudershan Park, New Delhi – 110015 (India)                            
Contact: +91 8130107117; Email: ; Date of Birth: 22nd January, 1989



I am a qualified B.TECH holder in Electrical & Electronics Engineering from, DELHI India with experience of more than  3 years across Operations & Maintenance, Breakdown Analysis & Troubleshooting, Electrical Functions and Safety, with good communication skills. Currently, I am spearheading as an Assistant Manager in CBRE South Asia ltd, India. I am well versed in fault diagnosis and failure analysis to promptly overcome operational bottlenecks with demonstrated capabilities in handling the entire range of operations and maintenance activities. My current C.T.C is RS 4.2 lakhs Per Annum.

I am a dedicated and focused individual, determined to add value to the organization I work for, through my exceptional knowledge and learning ability. I possess well developed communication skills with reputation of unwavering accuracy, credibility and integrity. 

At this stage I find myself to be groomed enough to look outward and explore the possibility of placement at a suitable professional position with higher responsibilities. A tour through my enclosed resume shall familiarize you with the details and I am confident, in my credentials, you would find a perfect fit for the said job.  Thanks in advance for sparing your time.

The above credentials along with my enclosed resume make me ideally suitable for a position in your organization. I would appreciate an opportunity for a personal interview. 	

Thanking you. 

Yours Sincerely

Ankit Bhardwaj	
	





