
                                                       Brahmaji Gundabattula
                                                                   Hyderabad
                                                                     , India
                                                    Mobile:  +91 996395 4938
                                                                      EMail:
                                                   brahmaji.abap.k@gmail.com


Professional Summary & Technical Skills:
    .  A  performance  &  goal  oriented  SAP   and   Software   Engineering
      professional  with  overall  8.6  years  of  experience  in   Industry
      Standards SAP ABAP and SAP SRM ABAP
    . Have worked functional area SD/MM/FI/PP and FSCM.
    . Involved in end-to-end  Projects  Implementation,  Roll  out,  Design,
      Maintenance and Support
    . Presently associated with IGATE, Hyderabad as Technical Lead
    .  Strong  solution  centric  approach,  with  process  orientation;  an
      effective communicator with  excellent  analytical,  problem  solving,
      organizational abilities and flexible attitude
    . Good exposure to working in well diversified and  multi-cultural  work
      environments
    .  Experience  on  Industry  Exposure  with  ABAP  and   SRM   ABAP   in
      Manufacturing, Pharmaceuticals, Consumer Goods and Services and  metal
      manufacturer.
    . Thorough knowledge on different SAP Versions 4.6c, 4.7, 5.0, ECC6.0.
    . Involved in the Design, Construction Phase, Build & Test Phases,  Fit-
      Gap Analysis Process Design Documentation etc and  Performance  Tuning


    .  Development  of  FSCM  -  Credit  management,   In-House   Cash   ALE
      Configurations
    . Customization  and  Enhancements  like  user  exits,  customer  exits,
      BAdI's, and implicit & explicit enhancement
    . Experience in the development of  File Inbound and Outbound Interfaces
    . Hands on experience on BTE and validation rules in Fi
    . Implementation of Layout  sets  and  Print  (driver)  programs  (Smart
      Forms), Scripts, Adobe forms
    . Proven experience in conversion programs BDC, LSMW and BAPI, RFCs.
    . Working experience in Workflows.
    . Strong knowledge on ALE/IDOCS interface,
    . Working experience in Dialog Programming, Web Dynpro.
    . Having Knowledge on  SAP BOBI
    . Creating Custom Transactions and Table Maintenance for  Custom  tables
      and Custom Development text
    . Managed activities of TMS, for movement of transport requests from DEV
      to QA, and Production systems.
    . Collaborate with team members and senior  officials  for  the  project
      development


Competency Sphere

   ?   Software   Development   /   Analysis           ?      SAP   ABAP/SRM
   Implementation
   ?  Project Maintenance & Support                 ?      ABAP  Methodology


   ?   Process   Improvements   &   Enhancements       ?            Software
   Engineering
   ?  Requirement Analysis                     ?     System  &  Process  Gap
   Analysis
   ?  Customer/Client  Support                  ?     Resource  Optimization




IT Proficiency

      ERP                    : SAP ECC 6.0, SRM 5.0,  ABAP,  PI,  FSCM,  PP,
SD, MM, FI, FSCM, BOBI
      Operating Systems           : Windows ALL
      Application Packages         : MS Office


Academic Credentials

    > Master of Computer Applications (MCA), Periyar University, Tamil Nadu

Career Summary

    > Working with IGATE (1.7 Years) as a Technical Lead From April -2014 to
      Till Date.
    > Worked with Tech Mahindra (2.4  Years)  (Formerly  known  as  Mahindra
      Satyam), Hyderabad as a Sr. Software Engineer from  Nov-2011  to  Apr-
      2014.
    > Worked with Accenture, Bangalore (1.3 Years) as  a  Software  Engineer
      From May-2010 To Aug-2011.
    > Worked with Ybrant DIGITAL (3.7 Years) (Formerly known as  LGS  Global
      Ltd.,), Hyderabad as a Programmer Analyst from Sep-2006 to Apr-2010.


Projects Summary
Project # 1
Project Title          : Altria - Enhancement Project
Project Duration : Apr'15 - Till
Role             : SAP ABAP Technical Lead ( Individual Contribution)
Environment      : SAP ECC 6.0, ABAP, PP, MM

Project Description
Altria Group, Inc. (previously named Philip Morris Companies  Inc.)  is  one
of  the  world's  largest  tobacco   corporations.   It   is   an   American
multinational corporation based in Henrico County, Virginia,  United  States
of America; it is the parent company of Philip Morris USA,  John  Middleton,
Inc.,  U.S.  Smokeless  Tobacco  Company,  Inc.,   Philip   Morris   Capital
Corporation, and Chateau Ste. Michelle Wine Estates.

Responsibilities

    . Primary responsibility  is  to  handle  Change  request  Analysis  and
      development
    . Responsible for quick resolution for Change requests.
    . Handling Team, assigned task to be team members and code reviews.
    . Involved in development of Amendments Request and Acceptance process.


Project # 1
Project Title          : Commercial Metals Company (CMC) - Roll Out Project
Project Duration : Apr'14 - Mar'15
Role             : SAP SRM-ABAP Technical Lead
Environment      : SAP ECC 6.0, SRM 5.0, ABAP, FSCM, PP,MM

Project Description
Commercial  Metals  Company  is  a  global,   low-cost   metals   recycling,
manufacturing,   fabricating,   and   trading   enterprise.   Our   vertical
integration model revolutionized the way the steel industry operates today

Responsibilities
    . Primary responsibility is to handle Incident  management  and  Problem
      management processes
    . Responsible for  quick  resolution  for  incidents  and  assisted  for
      technical support to functional team
    . Developed customer exists for the production order user status sets
    . BADI implementation of BBP_CCM_Transfer_Catalog
    . Handled shopping cart transfer issues with integrated MM system
    . Defined and configured the Workflow that includes one  step,  two-step
      and N step approval configurations with knowledge on workflow BADIs
    . FSCM - Implemented  IHC_BADI_PN_2_IDOC  for  the  Pay  account  number
      population
    . FSCM - Implemented credit management BADI_SD_CM for the  credit  limit
      checks
    . FSCM - BP credit management workflow configurations and development
    . FSCM - In-House cash inbound and outbound configurations

Project # 2
Project Title          : GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) - Support Project
Project Duration : Nov'11 - Nov'13
Role             : SAP SRM-ABAP Technical Lead
Environment      : SAP ECC 6.0, SRM 5.0, ABAP, SD, MM, FI

Project Description
GSK is the leading pharmacy company in the world. Worked on three projects
namely, GSK Incident and Problem Management, GSS Operations Development
(ABAP).

Responsibilities
    . Handled Incident management and Problem management processes of ITIL
    . Responsible for root cause identification of recurring incident
    . Identified the defects or bugs in the code under  incident  management
      and suggested code to fix it
    . Interacted with GSK users in different regions of globe
    . Worked on SRM Workflow Support issues
    . Performance analysis implemented for the custom development
    . Involved Customer Master MDM Replacement and Project development





Project # 3
Project Title          : Hostess Brands - Enhancement & Support
Project Duration : May'10 - Aug'11
Role             : SAP ABAP Programmer
Environment      : SAP ECC 6.0, SRM 5.0, ABAP, MM, FI

Project Description
Hostess Brands, Inc. (formerly Interstate  Bakeries  Corporation  (IBC))  is
the largest wholesale baker and distributor of fresh bakery products in  the
United States.

Responsibilities
    . Responsible for functional specification and  developed  according  to
      the technical design documents
    . Modified  objects  according  to  the  client  requirements  based  on
      incident requirements
    . Developed new file inbound and out bound Interfaces
    . Development of FB60 workflow process and related reports in ALV format
    . Established vendor void checks outbound interface and  vendor  payment
      history outbound interface
    . Developed Jv66 auto upload inbound interface
    . Developed FB60 based  invoice  date  through  validations  to  nearest
      Saturday date.
    . Developed Park aging report based on parked documents  and  non-parked
      documents

Project # 4
Project Title          : Noel Pharma - Implementation
Project Duration : Feb'10 - Apr'10
Role             : SAP ABAP Programmer
Environment      : SAP ECC 6.0, ABAP, SD, MM

Responsibilities
    . Analyzed functional &  technical  specifications  followed  by  object
      development
    . Developed BDCs, Enhancements, Reports and Forms  in  ABAP  during  the
      implementation phase
    . Involved in technical  document  developments  and  testing  documents
      creation.
Project # 5
Project Title          : NSLSugars - Implementation
Project Duration : Dec'09 - Jan'10
Role             : SAP ABAP Programmer
Environment      : SAP ECC 6.0, SAP SD, MM, FI

Responsibilities
    . Developed several simple & complex reports using ALV Grid Control
    . Established BDC's and  worked  extensively  on  Call  Transaction  and
      Session Method
    . Experienced in creating and customizing various  Layouts  using  smart
      forms
    . To be used variants, parameters, select-options and search to make the
      reports user-friendly
    . Ensured that the code performs efficiently, is well documented and  is
      in line with the standards established by the project leaders and  end
      users
Project # 6
Project Title          : Nava Bharat Venture Ltd, - Implementation
Project Duration : Oct'07 - Aug'08
Role             : SAP ABAP Developer
Environment      : SAP 4.6 C, SAP SD, MM, FI

Responsibilities
    . Gate pass-MM: This report displays the returnable  and  non-returnable
      gate pass entries with material number, Material description, original
      quantity, return quantity, balance quantity, remarks,  vehicle  number
      and vendor details
    . Quota Report-SD: This form displays the  GRN  No,  GRN  Date,  Vehicle
      Details, Vendor, Supplier, Purchase Order Number, Purchase Requisition
      Number and other departmental details
    . Levy & Free of Sugar-SD: This report is a daily report which  is  used
      to check the Levy and Free Stock of Sugar accrued  from  daily  issues
      and receipts
    . Convoy Report-SD: Displays the details of perform details with vehicle
      details
    . Purchase Order-MM: Used for the clearance of excisable  goods  from  a
      factory or warehouse on payment of duty for home consumption
    . RFQ-MM : Generates the details of  request for quotation
    . TAX Invoice-SD:  Output  displays  the  TAX  components  of  a  normal
      Invoice
    . Power Invoice: This output displays the Power purchase amount  details
      from the govt. monthly
    . BDC-Material Master  (MM01):  This  report  consists  of  creation  of
      Material based on  Material  Number,  Material  Type,  Plant,  Storage
      location and Purchase Organization
    . BDC -Credit Creation (F-43):  This  report  develops  based  on  date,
      document type, company code posting date, period, currency  base  line
      posting key, account number, amount, tax code and pay terms
    . BDC-Vendor Creation (XK01): This report  develops  on  vendor  number,
      company code, account group, search term, and vendor address

Project # 7
Project Title          : Shree Renuka Sugars Ltd - Support Project
Project Duration : Jan'07 - Aug'07
Role             : SAP ABAP Developer
Environment      : SAP ECC 5.0, SAP SD, MM, FI
Responsibilities
    . Developed Daily Manufacturing report using the dialog programming  and
      details in report format.
    . Developed DPR Transaction and report for the different plants.
    . Developed Transaction variant for the standard screens.
    . Developed custom screen addition to the XD01 transaction.

Project # 8
Project Title          : Vazir Sultan Tobacco Ltd - Support Project
Project Duration : Nov'06 - Jan'07
Role             : SAP ABAP Developer
Environment      : SAP ECC 4.6, SAP SD, MM, FI

Responsibilities
    . Developed BDC's and worked extensively on Call Transaction and Session
      Method
    . Experience in creating and customizing various Layouts
    . Handled code optimization
    . Working experience  with  senior  consultants  and  understanding  the
      coding standards

Personal Dossier

      Marital Status         : Married
      Passport Number  : M3143071
      Languages known  : English, Hindi & Telugu
      Address     : Flat 301, Dhakashyanani Green homes,
                         Sai Prasanthi Nagar, KPHB Colony,
                                        Near Tulasi Nagar Community Hall,
                                        Hyderabad - 500 072
