


PREETHA SRINIVAS
Mobile : +97159697086 ,97165428573      Email :- 
	
Professional Summary 
Proactive, Result oriented highly skilled HR recruitment & administration professional with overall 10 years of experience in diverse office environments. Documented success using MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook and MIS. Experienced communicator and team player. Combined organizational & communication skills with the ability to independently plan & manage diverse business relationships. Strong time management & problem solving skills with ability to set priorities & manage multiple tasks. Background includes all aspects of Administration including HR Administration & Talent Acquisition,  employee relation & new employee orientation, training, Performance Management, evaluations, reviews & exit Formalities.


Key Responsibilities 

HR Policy & Procedure
Talent Acquisition ( complete end to end cycle)	including Overseas recruitment in skilled and semi skilled categories 
Executive & Board Relations
Office Procedures 
Document Control	
Communication 
Reports
Data Management 
Filing  / Archiving
Education
MBA: Masters in Human Resource Management, 2004   (Sri Krishna Devaraya Univeristy – Anathapur )
Post Graduate Diploma in Project Planning & Management, 2005 (University of Hyderabad)
Bachelor of Commerce (Andhra University - Vishakhapatnam)
Experience  

Senior Human Resource Executive November 2014-March 2015
SmartGeek Info Private Limited, Hyderabad,India ( Reporting to HR Manager)

SmartGeek Info System Private Limited – Edusprint is a rapidly growing privately held organization , first of its kind in proviing innovative information technology solution to education and non-profits institution. It offers products and services to Education sectors. They include but limitedd to Admissions of Stuents, Faculty Recruitment,Industry Tours, Assessment and Placement Assistance, Vendor Relation,Events and others.
Edusprint enables students and jobseekers to find opportunities and help them get place to position suitable to their potential.
 
To Manage and provide HR & Administrative support and oversee day to day Operations of the Facilities Management Services and education in a cost effective and customer oriented manner.
Preparation & Execution of monthly  Staff Requisition status report / Manpower Reports / Computerized Time attendance report in an efficient and responsive manner.
Participating and Discussing with Management regarding the new policies.
Handled the initial round of phone interview
Insure job profiles and position requirements are aligned with business objectives Accountable for developing the resources pool
Handling the many walk-ins and referral programmes
Maintaining a tracker of all the interviewed and offers candidates
Develop post Negotiate and present offers and close selected candidates 
Conducted the weekly meeting with company hiring managers to ensure better services
Work closely with company Hiring Managers to develop position profile and to understand overall needs and requirements. (Description, salary, timing, expectations, etc.) 
Carried out the entire recruitment task through job portals
Scheduling for further rounds of Interview and issuing offer letter.
Developed and update the excel sheet on the number of open and closed positions
Maintained an efficient network by providing the right feedback and screening the performance
Ensuring compliance as per the leave policy.
Processing staff requisition forms / Want a change notices / Leave forms.
Processing staff related request for Salary certificates, and other official letters.
Coordinating with HR regarding employee grievances and disciplinary action.
Coordinating entire process of staff exit formalities from  submission of resignation letter to employee exit from company including  informing exit interviews, collection of company assets, coordinating with procurement and IT dept for employee clearance and final submission of employee documents to HR for final settelment .
Third Part contracts – Preparation, Approvals, Client submission, follow ups and documentation.

Asministration cum Senior Human Resource Executive Februrary  2012- September 2015
Rajbhra Medicare Pvt Ltd, New Delhi,India ( Reporting to MD)

To Manage and provide Administrative support and oversee day to day Operations of the Facilities Management Services in a cost effective and customer oriented manner.
Preparation & Execution of monthly Staff Requisition status report / Manpower Reports / Computerized Time attendance report in an efficient and responsive manner.
Managing Manpower database of business unit.
Assists business unit managers in reviewing and understanding budgetary documents related to Manpower.
Monitor, measure and report on HR issues and sought out within timescales
Participating and Discussing with Management regarding the new policies.
Handled the initial round of phone interview
Insure job profiles and position requirements are aligned with business objectives Accountable for developing the resources pool
Handling the many walk-ins and referral programmes
Maintaining a tracker of all the interviewed and offers candidates
Develop position-specific screening questionnaires Recruit, assess, and hire top talent Manage candidates throughout the interview process 
Negotiate and present offers and close selected candidates 
Conducted the weekly meeting with company hiring managers to ensure better services
Work closely with company Hiring Managers to develop position profile and to understand overall needs and requirements. (Description, salary, timing, expectations, etc.) 
Carried out the entire recruitment task through job portals
Scheduling for further rounds of Interview and issuing offer letter.
Developed and update the excel sheet on the number of open and closed positions
Maintained an efficient network by providing the right feedback and screening the performance
Developed the service agreement with third parties for staffing solution and identified them Imparted training to junior recruiters on advanced internet search techniques
Preparation and execution of Annual leave Planner and ensuring compliance as per the leave policy.
Processing staff requisition forms / Want a change notices / Leave forms.
Processing staff related request for Salary certificates, and other official letters.
Coordinating with HR regarding employee grievances and disciplinary action.
Coordinating entire process of staff exit formalities from  submission of resignation letter to employee exit from company including  informing exit interviews, collection of company assets, coordinating with procurement and IT dept for employee clearance and final submission of employee documents to HR for final settelment .
Coordinating with Finance department related to Petty cash processing, Request for Payments, Cash Salaries and Distribution of staff Salary slips.  

Earlier appointments 
Senior Human Resource Recruiter December 2009 to Sep 2010
Delhi Recruiters Pvt Ltd, New Delhi,India ( Reporting to MD)

Senior Human Resource Recruiter April 2007- April 2008 
South East Asian Trading Company, Hyderabad,India ( Reporting to MD)

Junior Human Resourse Executive 2004 - 2005
Nihar InfoTech Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad , India 

Admin cum Junior Human Resourse Executive 2002 - 2004
Linear InfoTech Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad , India 

Relevant Professional Skills  
Interpersonal & Presentation skills
Multi-Tasking 
Result oriented and Meeting deadlines
Proactive self starter with a positive attitude & Perform well under pressure.   

Other useful facts
Computer Skills
Word Processors: Ms Office; Excel; Power Point; 
Operating Systems: Microsoft Windows XP
Visa Status: Visit Visa
 Nationality:  Indian  
 Languages:   English, Hindi, Malayalam , Telugu
Availability : Immediate
