

K.Yakobu
Email: yakob.msw@gmail.com
Mobile: +919440853425
                              Curriculum Vitae

Career Objective:

To become a Human Service Professional through continues improvement  of  my
knowledge  and  skills  earn  Professional   recognition   by   working   on
Challenging assignments

Skills       :     Program Development,

                            Negotiations and Collaboration,
                                                                 Training &
                            Development,
                                                                 Employee
                            Development,

                            Organizational Needs Assessment,
                                                                 Personnel
                            Recognition Programs,
                                                                 HR
                            Selection and Appraisal,
                                                                 New-Hire
                            Orientations and P.R.A Techniques


Known Languages (Levels)           :    English Good
                                                              Hindi Good
                                                          Other Telugus

Type of Employment Wanted     :   Full Time

Current Location              :   India, Andhrapradesh

                           Education & Experience

Education History, Qualifications other additional information


Level of Education                :     Masters

Academic profile                  :      MSW (Urban and Rural

Community Development)

Andhra University, 2006.

Computer Knowledge                      :            MS-Office and Internet

Research Experience               :     Study undertaken welfare Family
Planning










Work History & Experience

Years of Work Experience              : 8  Years

Work Experience

Name of the Organization     :   Working  for  the  Reliance  Foundation  in
Rural Transformation at Srikakulam District  from  September  2013  to  till
date.

Organization Profile         : Reliance Industries limited (RIL) has  always
made sustainable development the cornerstone of  its  business  strategy  to
achieve sustainable and profitable growth, creating  in  its  wake  thriving
eco-systems around  all  its  businesses.  To  provide  impetus  to  various
philanthropic initiatives of RIL, Reliance Foundation (RF)  was  set  up  in
2010 as an expression of its vision towards sustainable growth in India
Designation      : Assistant Program Manger
Job Profile      : Reporting to Team Leader ( RCP Munbai)
Nature of the work     :
     . Study the Secondary Data on livelihood patterns of the region
     . Identify  homogenous  (similar)  livelihood  grassroots  networks  /
       individuals
     . Identify information and training needs
     . Assessing information needs and verifying the  emergent  information
       needs from secondary sources for both one to one and broadcast modes
     .  Building  networking  and   partnership   with   content   provider
       institutions based on needs
     . Localizing content with value addition suitable for dissemination on
       various platforms
     . Developing locale specific season / need based content dissemination
       plan
     . Direct Intervention with technology platform as a support
     .  Direct Intervention using technology platform
     . One to Many Broadcast
     . Audience Retention and Programme Support Processes
     . Partners Retention and Networking Processes
     . Feedback, Case Studies and Learning  documentation  to  continuously
       refine the programme


Name of the Organization     : Working for the  Child  Fund  India  in  Link
Workers Scheme (NACO & APSACS) at Srikakulam District from February 2011  to
August 2013.


Organization Profile: ChildFund India is a  child  development  Organization
representing the voice of deprived,  excluded  and  vulnerable  children  in
India regardless of race, creed and  gender.  We  are  part  of  Child  Fund
International, a member of the Child Fund Alliance - a global network of  12
organizations which  assist  more  than  16  million  children  in  over  50
Countries.  In  India,  Child  Fund  started  its  operations  in  1951  and
currently assists more than 1.68 million children and  their  families  in14
States and 1 union Territory.

Designation      : DRP.P (District Resource Person. Program)
Job Profile      : Reporting to Child Fund India and APSACS
Nature of the work     :
    . Ensure project activities comply with the policies and regulations  of
      the NACO & APSACS and Child Fund India.
    . Oversee all project activities and be the main contact point  for  the
      Implementing agency and the field staff.
    . Responsible for overseeing the development and  execution  of  project
      deliverables, lead  project  planning,  budgeting,  action  plans  and
      monitoring processes.
    . Responsible for  submitting  activity  reports,  meeting  minutes  and
      financial reports on regular basis to the Child Fund India and DAPCU.
    . Oversee  the  preparation  and  submission  of  annual  activity-based
      project budgets as well as monthly and quarterly financial reports and
      sending of new funding requests.
    . Ensures close collaboration and coordination with cooperating partners
      to guarantee smooth implementation of activities  and  achievement  of
      results as specified the targets.
    .  Employs  resourcefulness  in  project  design,   implementation   and
      monitoring. Trouble shoots project problems. Identifies and implements
      creative solutions.
    .  Establishing  good  relations  with  Government  and  Non  Government
      officials.
    . Coordinate with Lead NGO to create networking with allied government
      departments-Department of Women & Child Development, Rural
      Development, Social Justice and Empowerment, Education, etc. Promote
      convergence with ongoing programs of different ministries, such as
      Adolescent Friendly Health Services being envisaged under RCH-II. This
      will help to create a better environment for networking care and
      support of HRIs and vulnerable young men and women.
    . Indentify the Orphan and Vulnerable Children in the Rural areas.
    . Provide the Health needs to them and refer them to ICTC, CCC and ART
      Centers.
    . We are Identify the school dropout and Re join the school and Hostels.
    . Reactive Children are refer to the Social entitlement needs like
      Anthodia Ration Cards and Double Nutrition in AWW centers
    . Provide the Livelihood training through the DRDA and Andhra Bank.
    . Indentify the Donors to give Nutrition to the Children.
    . We refer the Children to Schools and Hostels for education.
    . We create awareness on domestic violence and ant trafficking.

Name of the Organization     : Working for  the  PARD  (Peoples  action  for
rural  development)  Jangareddy  gudem  (Eluru)  from  September   2009   to
Feb,2011.

Organization Profile:  The organization is currently implementing a  project
on community-based healthcare with the support of the  (donor).The  goal  of
the project is to reduce the incidence of HIV and STI among the sex  workers
project area and will specifically increase access to  health  services  for
FSW/MSM and their clients  raise  awareness  on  health  issues  and  create
linkages with public and private sector.
Designation      : Project Manager (TI project)
Job Profile      : Reporting to PARD Director and APSACS
Nature of the work     :
    . Oversee all project activities and be the main contact point  for  the
      donor and the field staff.
    . Ensure project activities comply with the policies and regulations  of
      the donor organization.
    . Responsible for overseeing the development and  execution  of  project
      deliverables, lead  project  planning,  budgeting,  action  plans  and
      monitoring processes.
    . Responsible for  submitting  activity  reports,  meeting  minutes  and
      financial reports on regular basis to the donor and DAPCU.
    . Oversee  the  preparation  and  submission  of  annual  activity-based
      project budgets as well as monthly and quarterly financial reports and
      sending of new funding requests.
    . Lead and motivate the project team and monitor project activities  and
      project expenditure and coordinate  work  with  consultants  and  Peer
      educators in the project.
    . Ensures close collaboration and coordination with cooperating partners
      to guarantee smooth implementation of activities  and  achievement  of
      results as specified in grant agreements.
    .  Employs  resourcefulness  in  project  design,   implementation   and
      monitoring. Trouble shoots project problems. Identifies and implements
      creative solutions.
    . Establishing  good  relations   with  Government  and  Non  Government
      officials


Name of the Organization     : Working for the  David  &Lois  Rees  Hospital
Tirupathi .From October 2007 to August 2009.

Organization Profile   : The organization is one  of  the  County's  leading
NGO, systems driven health service and CCC services

Designation            : Project coordinator

Job Profile      : Reportining to D.L.R.H Director and APSACS

Nature of the Work     :


    . To collect team suggestions and feed back, then  compile  and  action
      for the same, if any.
    . Maintaining the evaluation  Reports  (PA),  Probation,  Confirmation,
      Promotion Purpose and Processing and updating records.
    . Developing  employee  Retention  strategies  and  schemes,  Grievance
      handling and resolving the  same.  Employee  confirmation,  transfers
      relocation, final settlements conducting Exit Interviews.
    . Budgeting
    . Identifying the training needs across the Project at various levels.
    . Organizaining  training  programmed   (based  on  the  training  need
      analysis to elevate the man power skills& efficiency)
    . Conducting of training programs & Documentation.
    . Organizing  and Coordinating with  trainers  and training program
    . Monitoring and providing guidance to the compliance team.
    .  Capable  of  preparing  various  types  of  required   formats   and
      implementation.
    . Preparing and submitting corrective action plane (CAP)  to  Director,
      initiating follow up action accordingly.
    . Proved Counseling to the CLHAs
    . Provide the Educational support to the Children give note books bangs
      etc.
    . Taking care of their health  needs
    . Celebrate their birthdays and Festivals
    . Establishing  good relations   with  Government  and  Non  Government
      officials

   Name of the Organization: Worked for Byrraju Foundation From May 2006 to
   September 2007.


   Designation: Research Assistant

   Job Profile: Reporting to Research Manger.

   Nature of the work:
       . MSS - Mortality surveillances system
       . RAPCAPS - Rural Andhra Pradesh Cardio vascular Prevention study.
       . Conducting orientation and induction Programs to Village
         coordinators.
       . Monitoring and Provisioning guidance to the VCO's
       . Organizing and coordinating ESH (Environmental, Health & Safety)
         Programs for community.
       . Took feedback from vco's regarding training and welfare submit to
         research Manager.
       . To Prepare and submit the monthly reports action plane and activity
         records to the Manger.









































                              PERSONAL PROFILE




Name                              : K.Yakobu

Father's Name                           : K.Emmanuel

Date of Birth                           : 01-07-1981

Sex                               : Male

Marital Status                          : Married

E-mail                                  : yakob.msw@gmail.com


Permanent Address                       : Kamathavanigudem
                                                    Cherukumilli (po)
.                                        Akividu (MD)
                                  Westgodavari district, PIN 534235
                                                               Phone: 08816-
           255738 (R )
                                  09440853425 (Mobile)

Present Address                   : C/o Suryanarayana
                                    D.No.13-9-46
                                    Kameshwari Kalyanamandapam
                                    Nakka Veedhi Collector Bangla Road,
                                    Srikakulam-532001.




Place: Srikakulam

Date: 02/07/2014


                                                                  [K.YAKOBU]
