Mrs. Jaya Srivastava
					
D-47 A, Chattarpur Enclave,						                                                                       Phone: +91-8377862658
New Delhi, India, Pin-110074	
	
Summary

Senior Electrical Engineer with a working experience of 5 years including:
Able for substation feasibility level and detailed design and all associated works, as well as documentation required for project design and study (tender documents and reports).
Procurement assistance activities viz. preparation of Specifications & Requisitions, Vendor offer evaluation and approval of vendor documents for HT/LT Switchgear, Transformers, DC system, Capacitor banks etc.
Strong knowledge of engineering standards relevant for substation equipment including IEC, IEEE and ANSI
Detailed Primary & Secondary design, engineering & development of 220/132/33 KV substation, layout & elevation plan, GA drawings, electrical clearances, SLD, Protection diagrams, cable routes, and earthing design.
Electrical Design calculations including System study and Schedules.

Career Objective

To make my career with a professional organization where one can use my skills for my career growth with alignment goals in team work atmosphere. 

Education

Bachelor of Technology (Electrical Engineering): 71%.Azad institute of Engineering Technology, U.P Technical University Luckno, Graduated May, 2008

Computer Knowledge

Software and Operating Systems:  Dialux, Calculux, MS Word, Microsoft Office Power Point, MS Excel. 

Work Experience

From February 2015 till date as a “Senior Engineer” in EMC Limited, New Delhi

Project Undertaken:
  Design, supply, test, transport, survey, construction, erection, testing and commissioning of 66/11 KV and   33/11KV  Sub-transmission substation, augmentation of existing sub transmission substation lines, distribution lines, power transformers, new substation, augmentation of existing substation, laying of new 33 KV lines, re conductoring of 33 KV lines, laying of new 11 KV lines/ 11 KV lines with AB cable, re-conductoring of 11 KV lines, creation of HVDS system with 100 KVA/63 KVA/25 KVA/16 KVA DTRs, creation of new distribution substation, replacement/augmentation of existing distribution transformer, providing new LT AB cable and other allied work for reduction in T & D losses for Cluster C1, C2 & C3 of Jammu & Kashmir under R-APDRP scheme.(Client: JKPDD)

  Rural Electrification work in district Aurangabad, Purbi Champaran & Saran ON turnkey basis under 12th plan of Rajeev Gandhi Grameen vidhyutikaran Yojana (RGGVY).(Client: NBPDCL)

Role and Responsibilities:
Review contract / tenders specification, material takeoff, source materials, interact with Supplier / Overseas Manufacturer/ Local agents etc for rates, material submittal and approval, negotiations etc technical details and payment terms, nominate and recommend for orders / subcontracts follow up, follow up on Client approval and expedite deliveries to site.
Preparing RFQ's and forwarding it to relevant suppliers / agents to obtain Quotations.
Preparation of Comparative Statement of Quotes.
Negotiating with the vendors for material procurement Rate, Delivery and Payment Terms while coordinating with the higher authorities of the company, ensuring statutory and company compliances.
Preparing Purchase Order.
Liaison with suppliers and follow-up for timely receipt of materials.
Maintaining records / database of various categories of approved suppliers. 
Ensuring smooth co-ordination with indenting dept. and corresponding with Suppliers on scope of supply and specifications.
Challenged to ensure timely delivery of equipment and materials as per specifications within the set quality and timely delivery of materials.
Accountable for receiving purchase indents/requisitions from user dept.
Ensure the quality & quantity of material purchase at site.
Creating different reports as required by Management. 
Expediting with vendors as well as our H.O.


From March 2011  to January 2014 as a “Electrical Engineer” in N_Arc consulting, New Delhi

Detailed designing Projects:
  150 KV Switchyard of Hydro Power plant at Peusangan -1 & 2, Indonesia.(Client : Andritz Hydro, Bhopal)
  132 KV Switchyard of 2x67.5MW BPPL Thermal Power Plant at Annantpur village, Athagarh, Cuttack district,       
  115/22 KV Substation at LAOS.(Client : Angelique International Limited )
  66/11 KV Substation at Lusaka Road, Zambia.(Client : Angelique International Limited )
  132/11 KV substation at RAI Industrial area Haryana.

Role and Responsibilities:
Developing physical substation layouts from one-line diagrams (prepared by others), while reviewing one-line diagrams for consistency with industry standards and client requirements.
To understand the customer requirement (technical specification) and convert it into drawing and schemes.
Developing Protection single line diagram as per CBIP and client requirement.
Creating primary drawings of substation as Section elevation drawing, Clearance diagrams, EKD, Structure Loading diagram, Cable trench drawing.
Creating Secondary engineering design of substation as Lightning protection calculation, sag tension calculation, Short circuit force calculation, Conductor sizing, Cable sizing, grounding and lighting system calculations by using all relevant IS & IEC standards.
Developing AC distribution board single line diagram and DC distribution single line diagram.
Supporting proposal work by providing hours/scope requirements.
Coordinate with Engineers/ Contractors/Clients/ Vendor/other Experts over the duration of the project.
Implementing all internal policies, procedures, standards, and specifications.
Prepare cost estimate for the proposed scope of work.
Attend meetings with clients, contractors and vendors as required
Accumulates and compiles accurate cost management data to prepare the project budget and update the progress of the project.
Participates in weekly project cost reviews meetings.
Recommends solutions or recovery plans to cost impact.
Assists in the preparation of cash flows, Project Income Statements and performs profit recognition activities.
Involvement in Project planning and Scheduling Activities, efforts-hours estimation, documents checking & auditing.
 
Post bid engineering review projects: 
  Review work for 132/11 KV substation with SAS at I.E Panipat. (Client : HSIIDC)
  Review work for 66/11 KV substation at I.T park Panchkula. (Client : HSIIDC)
  220 /132/11 Substation at Bawal Phase –II. (Client : HSIIDC)

Role and Responsibilities:
Reviewing and approving vendor submittals.
Reviewing and approving the Electrical drawings like substation general arrangement plan & elevations, assembly drawings/details, grounding, conduit, control building, lightning protection layout, and lighting systems drawings created by other Physical Engineers.
Reviewing/Approving electrical calculations like grounding, lightning protection, and lighting system calculations prepared by other Physical Engineers.
Reviewing/Approving equipment drawings like Control relay panels, Switchgear Panels, Current transformer, Power transformer, capacitive voltage transformer, Circuit Breaker, Isolator, Lightning arrestor etc.

Pre Bid Engineering Projects:

66/11 KV substation at Manakpur, Haryana(Client HSIIDC)
132/11 KV substation at Bahadurgarh extension.(Client HSIIDC)
66/11 KV substation at Sector -7 Manesar.( Client HSIIDC)

Role and Responsibilities:
Preparation of Tender Document.
Preparation bid documents and specifications for electrical systems design for large substation.
Bid evaluation.
Preparation of detailed project report.

Other Projects: 
Lighting of Maruti C- line project at IMT Manesar.
Rail coach factory Raibarely (IRCON).

Role and Responsibilities:
Prepared Lighting calculation & Layouts of Paint Shop, Weld Shop of Maruti Phase 2 Project in IMT Manesar.
Prepared Lighting calculation & Layouts of Paint Shop, Shell Shop, Finishing Shop, Bogie Shop, Wheel Shop & Transport Shop (High Bay), Officers Guest house, Workers Guest House & Administrative Building of Rail coach Factory, Raibarely.

From Feb 2009 to February 2011 as a “Lecturer“ Babu Banarasi Das National Institute of Technology, Lucknow 

Role and Responsibilities:
Deliver lecture to The First year, Second Year & Third Year Engineering graduates on the subjects Basic Electrical, ac & dc Machines, Networks respectively and take viva in practical exams.

Skills and Strength
Good interpersonal and communication skills to work effectively within a culturally diverse and multi-disciplinary environment
Thorough working knowledge and understanding of electrical substation facilities, substation components and their functions AC/DC fundamentals, three phase power systems and per-unit mathematics.
Ability to write effectively in English to furnish reports and to prepare business development materials including proposals
Courteous and business orientated manner when communicating with stakeholders to foster and promote good working relations
Co-operative and flexible work style to work in a team environment and willingness to learn new skills.

Languages

English		 	        :           (Read, Write, Speak)	        Advanced-Level
Hindi			        :           (Read, Write, Speak)	        Advanced-Level

Personal Details

Husband’s Name		:            Mr. Saket Srivastava
Date of birth			:            06-11-1985
Gender				:            Female
Nationality			:            Indian
   
Declaration 

I hereby declare and affirm that the information provided by me above is true to the best of my knowledge




Date: 26/06/2015                                                                                                                           Jaya Srivastava
Place: New Delhi