
                              CURRICULUM VITAE

                                                 H.No 314\2

                                                                Vill.&
P.O.Poantasahib
                                                 Tehsil Poantasahib




                                                           Distt. Sirmour
                                                 H.P-0173025
                                                 09803472888
                                                 kulwantsaini1986@gmail.com

 KULWANT SINGH
Career Objective
To associate  myself  with  an  esteemed  organization  and  to  accept  the
challenges in the job by utilizing  my  education,  analytical  skills  more
meaningfully and work hard towards achieving the goals of the organization.
Academic Performance

1.  Three year Diploma in electrical engineering From Baba Isher singh
polytechnical with
     aggregate of 64.8% in year (2006-2009).

Knowledge Areas

|Operating Systems      | MS-OFFICE 2003, 2007, Windows XP           |
|Other Technical Skills |Installation of OS                          |
|TRAININGS /            |Successfully complete the training of H.H.P |
|CERTIFICATIONS         |from CUMMINS INDIA LIMITED from PUNE.       |

 Work Experience

Full Time Experience:
Designation:             Service Engineer
Org unit:                   CUMMINS INDIA LIMITED (A Diesel Engine Company
of USA )
Company name: CUMMINS INDIA LIMITED [pic]
Location:           Pune, Maharashtra, India

Company profile:-

Type             Public S&P 500 Component
Industry        Diversified Machinery
Products       Engines, Filtration, Power Generation, Turbo Technologies
Revenue        $13.23 billion USD (2010)[1]
Net income    $1.04 billion USD (2010)[1]
Employees    40,000[3]
Website      www.cummins.com

Cummins has been associated with the Indian subcontinent for close to five
decades. The stage was set way back in 1962, when a partnership between
Kirloskar and Cummins crystallized into a 100-acre manufacturing campus in
Pune. Within a span of three years from commencing operations, the business
venture started to generate profits. Thereon, the partnership continued to
flourish, till up till 1997, when the Kirloskar's sold their ownership;
resulting in Cummins Inc. increasing its stake to 51% and the rest being
traded on the Bombay Stock Exchange. This led to the formation of Cummins
India Limited, a consolidated subsidiary of Cummins Inc.

Today, Cummins India Limited has grown to become the country's leading
manufacturer of diesel and natural gas engines. It is only one of the eight
legal entities (including four joint ventures) of the Cummins Group in
India, signifying Cummins' increasing presence in the country. Comprising
of four business units - Industrial Engine, Power Generation, Distribution,
and Automotive, Cummins India Limited is also the largest entity of the
Cummins Group in India
    . The Industrial Engine Business caters to the industrial sector with
      its broad spectrum of diesel engines ranging from 18 HP to 3500 HP.
      The range is designed to power varied market segments such as
      Construction, Mining, Compressor, Marine, Rail, Agriculture, Pumps,
      Oil & Gas, Power Generation and Defense.
    . The Power Generation Business addresses standby and prime power needs
      through the design and manufacture of pre-integrated generator sets,
      transfer switches, paralleling equipment and controls.
    . The Automotive Business integrates Cummins' diesel and natural gas
      engines with related technologies such as filtration, exhaust, turbo,
      fuel and coolant systems and lube oil to serve the commercial vehicle
      segment in India.
    . The fourth business, Distribution operates under the brand name
      'Cummins Sales and Service India'. Acquired in 1967, with the
      objective of providing products, packages, services and solutions for
      uptime of Cummins equipments, it has since been engaged in the
      business of sale of engines, and providing after-market support to
      customers in India, Nepal and Bhutan.


Job Profile:    Following are the details regarding my current job profile
Projects:-    J K Sales & Service (Mohali from oct 2009 to till date)

    > Knowledge of making new drawing as per logic

    > Knowledge of reading drawings of machines &it's maintenance.

    > Knowledge of Contactor

    > Knowledge of AC's Drives.

    > Knowledge of troubleshooting of Contactor logics Circuits

    > Knowledge of various type starters as DOL, Star-delta.

    > Knowledge of operation & maintenance of drilling machines.

    > Knowledge of 7QC Tools.

    > Knowledge of Troubleshooting of CUMMINS D.G sets of 15KVA to
      2000KVA.Knowledge of Troubleshooting of X series, S series, B series,
      C series, N series,  V series, K Series, QST30, QSK45, QSK60 Eneines.

    > Knowledge of Troubleshooting of Engine & Alternator Wiring Harness.

    > Knowledge of Troubleshooting of all four systems (Air system, Cooling
      system, Lubricating system, Exhaust system)

Strengths

    . Good verbal and written communication skills in English  ,  Hindi  and
      Punjabi
    . Able to work under pressure of deadlines.
    . Willingness to learn and hard working.
    . Inquisitive, Analytical and Cost conscious.

Hobbies

    . Listening soft music
    . Watching TV
    . Playing volleyball.
    . Driving


Declaration

I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best  of
my knowledge and belief.



Date:

 (Kulwant singh)




