
CURRICULUM VITAE

MD. SHAHBAZ AHMAD
Freej bin Mahmud, near badriya signal,)
Doha (QATAR)
Mob No: -, +974-55184619(Qatar)
            +91993870666(India)

E-mail:- shahbaz981@yahoo.com,
              shahbaz66789@gmail.com




Career Objective


    . To work in a vibrant and innovative organization. To contribute to the
      growth of progressive organization by hard work and  commitment  which
      will help me to explore  my  innovative  mind  fully  and  realize  my
      potential.
Educational Profile


    . BACHELOR OF ENGINEER IN MECHANICAL
         From Vindhya Institute of Technology & Sc. - 2011.


Work Experience
    . M/S. BINTHANI ELECTRO-MECHANICAL CONTRACTING COMPANY W.L.L

      Working as a "HVAC Engineer" since December 2012 in Bin Thani Electro
      & Mechanical W.L.L (BEMCCO)  for installation of Hvac  system  inside
      High rise Buildings, hotels, etc


    . M/S- Leo duct Engineers & Consultant Ltd.


      Worked with "Leo duct Engineers &  Consultant  Ltd"  as  a  Mechanical
      Engineer since "July 2011to Nov 2012" at Surat with  GGCL  (Ltd.)  Gas
      line projects at Surat & Kosamba.
Job Profile


 > PROJECT- RENOVATION OF SHERATON HOTEL,
                    April 2014- onwards (HVAC ENGINEER)
            Al Corniche, DOHA (QATAR)

    . Working as HVAC Engineer for Installation, Testing and commissioning
      of HVAC system of-

    . Installation of fresh air handling units associated chilled water pipe
      valve package works, BMS Provisions and Insulation with Cladding
      works.
    . Working with water cooled chillers and installation of primary and
      secondary pumps for the chillers.
    . Technical assistance to the designers and draftsman's.
    . Testing & installation for plumbing units for supply of cold water and
      hold water and water system inside the Hotel.
    . Installation of new HVACs system like Ducting, chilled water piping
      and fire fighting pipes .
    . Maintenance of  Air handling Units and testing and commission of it.
    . Installation of chilled water lines and piping for fcu's and Ahu's and
      ducting of it also.
    . Accompanying the Consultant for  ongoing  inspection  and  obtain  his
      approval for the work done and material arrived at site.
    . Installation of fire rated ducts for, Staircase Pressurization Fans
      &Exhaust Fans and ducting of Ahu's, & Fahu's, etc.
    .  Cooperation  with  QC  teams  up  on  their  inspections.   Providing
      information  relevant  to  the  quality  Audit,  knowledge  deficiency
      reports, providing reasons, take corrective actions and to ensure  the
      project works carried out as per contract specification/standards.

 > PROJECT- QATAR AIRWAYS CREW ACCOMODATION,
            December 2012- onwards (HVAC ENGINEER)
            Near Bin Mahmud, DOHA (QATAR)

    . Working as HVAC Engineer for Installation, Testing and commissioning
      of HVAC system of-

    . Worked as HVACs engineer for installation of  hvac  system  which  has
      water cooled chillers , installation  of  Cooling  towers  ,Fresh  air
      handling units which are Double deck and have exhaust system and  heat
      recovery coils  ,  cooling  towers  piping  and  cooling  tower  Basin
      cleaning units installation and related piping of it.
    . Air Handling Units
    . Fan Coil Units
    . Chilled Water Pipes lines and package assembly works for fcu's.
    . Cooling Towers, Chillers
    . Installation of fresh air handling units associated chilled water pipe
      valve package works, BMS Provisions and Insulation with Cladding
      works.
    . Stair case pressurization Fans with fire rate ducts and installation
      of gravity air lovers with pressure relief damper.
    . Cooling Tower Basin Cleaning  Units
    . Piping For Fcu's, Ahu's, Fahu's, Cooling Tower's & Chillers.
    . Pvc piping for "Cooling tower Basin Cleaning Units".
    . Installation of Ducting for Fcu's, Ahu's, Fahu's, Staircase
      Pressurization Fans &Exhaust Fans.
    . Ducts Fabrication, Modification of ducts as per approved Drawings.
    . Responsibility for site execution team to insure all site Facilities
      meet the standard requirements.
    . Daily man power arrangements & and assigning day to day activities to
      supervisors.
    . Giving guidelines and supervision to foremen, supervisors & to person
      in charge.
    . Liaising with the clients regards to all construction and related
      scope of  it and resolving the problem
    .  To ensure  execution  for  compliance  with  engineering  principles,
      company's standards, customer requirements/contract specification.
    . Coordinate  with  Main  Contractor  for  Civil  and  MEP  Coordination
      technical issues.
    . Assistance during, Testing & commissioning.
    . Preparation of Material submittal and get approval from consultant  as
      Project Requirements.
    .  To  coordinate  activities  concerned  with  technical   development,
      scheduling  and  resolving  engineering  design  problems.  Evaluating
      design changes, specifications and As-built drawing releases.
    . Knowledge of Air balancing,
    . Traverse reading and calculation of cfm, static pressure  produced  by
      the Ahus, fans , etc

 > PROJECT- GUJARAT GAS COMPANY LTD.
      July -2011 to Nov 2012
      Surat, Gujarat (INDIA)

    . Worked as a Mechanical  engineer in Leo duct engineer &  Consultant
      Ltd for the laying and final commissioning of  Steel  gas  pipeline
      material API5L GR B (PSL-2)8" NBx6.4mm for supply  of  Natural  gas
      for household purpose.



 > Setting out leveling and surveying the site in order to meet the  agreed
   deadlines.

 > Checking the holiday test for the pipes.

 > Checking the conduit test and preparing the trial pit and resolving  the
   present conduit in on the actual plan of pipeline route.

 > Checking the coating of joints and the thickness of the  coating  as  it
   conform the standards.

 > Giving guideline to do the standard trenching, lowering of pipes.

 > Checking the padding, bedding, and cover for the pipe lines.
 > Checking welding and checking the pipe joints
 > Following the American standards so that it compliance with requirements
   for the quality and safety.
 > Checking the pipe welds cracks, and preparing dye  penetrated  test  for
   welding joints.
 > Giving guidelines to foremen, welders  and  supervisors  and  person  in
   charge.
 > Examining the joints as per the radiographic test whether it  meets  the
   proper welded joints as per ASME sec 9.
 > Following the standard for the welding as per ASME sec 9, and Sec 5  for
   piping and welding of joints.
 >  Preparing  Welder  Qualification  test   (WQT)   &   Welder   procedure
   specification (WPS).
 > Ensuring all materials used and work performed is as per specifications.

 > Planning the work and giving guidelines to the workers  and  supervisors
   and overseeing the drawing and checking plans

 > Liaising with the client and their respective  Engineer  and  Surveyors,
   including attending regular meeting to  keep  them  informed  about  the
   progress.
 > Overseeing the selection and requisition of the  materials  and  quality
   control and health safety matters on side.











PROFESSIONAL HIGHLIGTS:


    . AMERICAN SOCIETY OF MECHNICAL ENGINEER (ASME) LEVEL- 2
    - Radiographic Testing                    - Ultrasonic Testing.
    - Magnetic Particle Testing               - Dye Penetration Testing


Hobbies

 > Reading books, listening to music, playing football, cricket and surfing
   internet.





Strength

 . Positive attitude.


 . Team management.




Personal Details


Date of Birth    : 11-AUG-1988

Father's name    : Late Md. Shakil Ahmad

Gender      : Male

Marital Status   : Single

Languages Known  : English, Hindi, Urdu & Arabic.

Nationality : Indian

PASSPORT NO.     : J7994740

DATE OF ISSUE    : 28/06/2011,    DATE OF EXPIRY - 27/06/2021




Declaration

                 I hereby declare that the  above  information  is  true  to
       best of my
      Knowledge.
Date-     24/5/14                                          (Mohd     Shahbaz
       Ahmad)[pic]
