KHAN KHALID ZAFAR
88/89, CHAMAN GANJ, Kanpur – 208001 • Mobile: +919936813006
 • Email: 

Summary:

 Professional with 10 years of work experience in Retail Sales, Sales development, Product Training, Marketing & Production domain.

Career Objective:

To work in an organization where professionalism and enthusiasm is recognized and to lead a successful and productive team by implementing my team management and client service skills in order to enhance the business model and client profitability of the organization.

Professional Experience:

SAMSUNG INDIA    ELECTRONICS PVT. LTD. (Under IKYA HUMAN CAPITAL SOLUTION PVT. LTD. )

Samsung is a multinational and multiproduct company. At present this is globally no.1 electronic company. Samsung mobile is a one of the product of company. At present Samsung mobile has maximum shares in the Indian market.


AREA MANAGER (MOBILE DIVISION) [Jan’2014 to till now ]

Key Responsibilities-
Managing Sales team with a total team size of 40 people.
Maintain proper hygiene, product knowledge and target vs. achievement of every consultant.
Taking care of the sales with focus on achieving predefined target and growth. Forecasting and planning monthly & quarterly sales target and executing them in a given time frame.
Managing and organizing sales promoting events for corporate groups.
Direct interaction with retailer and develop close and supportive relationship with him.
Planning effective manpower deployment and works scheduling of qualified workforce.
Sales and product root training is the part of this profile.
           
SENIOR SAMSUNG EXPERIENCE CONSULTANT(MOBILE DIVISION) [Jan’2008 to Jan’2014] 
Key Responsibilities-
Engaging with customer to know his/her requirement and suggesting products accordingly.
Resolving complaints by keeping an eye over target vs. achievement as well as customer’s feedback.
Maintaining and developing relationships with existing customers by staying in touch unless the complaints are resolved.
Keeping awareness about competitor and giving feedback to company.
Helping junior consultant by giving product knowledge and sales pitch.
Maintaining proper stock of my outlet and sincerely reporting at morning, afternoon and finally at night by mail & message.

Achievements-
Continuously awarded by the company from last four years for the best experience consultant on the behalf of my knowledge and sincerity.  


R.S.P.L. (LEATHER FOOTWEAR DIVISION).

RSPL is a multiproduct company. Ghari detergent is the flagship product of this company. Leather footwear is another division of it. Red chief shoe is popular brand of this company. The company has its own factory footwear outlets in many cities.

ASSISTANT SALES MANAGER(SHOE DIVISION)[Jul’2006 to Dec’2007]
Key Responsibilities-
Handling and leading a team of around 25 people.
Conducting training sessions for giving product knowledge and sales technique.
Proper planning and implementation for Stock & Sales query of every retail outlet. 
Managing Recruitments, Organizing and Staffing were also part of my job.

MIRZA INTERNATIONAL LTD.                                                                                             .

Mirza International Ltd. is one of the top companies in India for leather and footwear export specially known for his brand Red Tape shoes.

PRODUCTION SUPERVISOR(Jan’2005 to Feb’2006)
 
Key Responsibilities-
Looking after all the processes of product production as well complete documentation work.
Handling manpower.
Quality control.
Maintaining discipline

 
Academic Qualification:

B.Sc. with Mathematics from Kanpur University.

Professional Qualification:

Pursuing M.B.A. from Symbiosis centre for distance learning, Pune.  

Additional Qualification:

Certification course of Computer Application.
Certification course of Footwear Designing.
Certification course of Mobile Hardware.


Personal Details:

 
I hereby declare that all the information provided by me in this application is factual and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.


Date………………………………                                                                    Signature…..................................	


							
(KHAN KHALID ZAFAR)







